I hope that we are not alone
I hope that we are not alone.

There must be some other out there
Or what a sad, lonely existence it would be

I hope that we are not alone.

Come on down, visit us, my noisy lovely blue pebble
Filled with people who look like me
There has to be someone, who’d take me up on an offer of tea
Don’t forget about me

I hope that we are not alone.

I don’t want to believe that it’s so empty outside
It would break my heart, I think, that we would search and search and find nothing
Just darkness, and the echo of our own voices calling out

I hope that we are not alone.

I hope that we are not alone.

There must be some other out there
Or what a sad, lonely existence it would be

I hope that we are not alone.

Come on down, visit us, my noisy lovely blue pebble
Filled with people who look like me
There has to be someone, who’d take me up on an offer of tea
Don’t forget about me

I hope that we are not alone.

I don’t want to believe that it’s so empty outside
It would break my heart, I think, that we would search and search and find nothing
Just darkness, and the echo of our own voices calling out

I hope that we are not alone.

David
David wanted me,
All-a-sudden I was new and shiny (silvery and fresh fleshed)
He looked me up and down and bared his teeth
I’d have you. He said

Where were you, David, when I was a kid
I’m not going to pretend I haven’t changed—and that you don’t know me now.
Where were you when we were children?
But I’m here now. He says. And what do you need of me?

I haven’t had the best track-record with boys, I think.
I got me one, one for the road & one and the same for the monogamy
And suddenly I was a thing
Boys! They wanted me! They wanted my body!
All-a-sudden I was: FUNNY/SMART/CLEVER/AND CUTE
ALL-A-SUDDEN I blinked and had a power, and I had a lust for more
(I probably wouldn’t fucked them all if I coulda…)
And I heard it over and over that I: wasn’t like all those other girls…

And the longer I looked, the longer I stared
All my suitors looked the same
They all wanted sweet sweet escape and I didn’t intimidate them as much as I should’ve
They all stood very very straight and were very very sure of themselves
But I found it soothing,
And I leaned back and spent my time dreaming of them on their knees
And heads bent in servitude

I’ve never given up on that dream… arrogance and spirit attract me
I like to argue, and I want a man who can give that to me
Which is a mistake waiting to happen, so when David looked at me and asked
What do you want me to do?
I told him that he should do as I said
That he should do as I told him to

I’ve had not such a good track-record with men, I think,
I’ve made some mistakes, perhaps,
I’ve wanted to subjugate and to humiliate my partners
But I’ve tried so hard to be peaceable because I know that that is wrong
It is aberrant to want to do those sorts of things
I’ve wanted to hurt the boys who only wanted me only after I became all ugly on the inside
I’ve wanted the old-girl I was before 
I look at myself and feel shame, sometimes,
For what I’ve let myself do, and have to say: there would be those who would seek to consume me should I have stayed kind

I gave up on being a lovely girl, and I wanted to hate with all my heart
I wanted to hurt & wanted to get off on it
I wanted to do it because I liked it, and for no other reason.

So David, when he knelt for me, 
I felt it surge upwards from behind my hips up to the tip of my nose
It rested in my cheeks, and I felt on fire
Not so still: I was of flame and I was of pure hatred and unadulterated heat and arousal
He looked up at me and I stared back
I would have you. I said.
And you would worship me.


Be The Man
I’m going to be the man
Call it what you want, call it what you will, but I’m going to 
Be a Man About It
And when it rains—I won’t flinch/and when it pours—I’ll let myself drown
I’m going to be the man I was told I wouldn’t be

I’ve spent time in the earth, digging down and eating worms
And I was a beetle for a while (until I got bored, and decided I’d be a man again, and when I blinked, OH! I’d grown!)

You can’t shy away: you’re a man now 
You’re tough as can be & now you’ve gotta pack your things and go

The Last Summer
“The Last Summer, the Last Summer comes soon,” said the wind
	“How do you know?” Asked the bumblebee
	The wind shivered, “I just saw the daffodil, in the hand of the Oracle, the end comes soon. The Last Summer!”
	The bumblebee was not in fear of the summer, or even the end of it. But the bumblebee should’ve been afraid, because after the Last Summer, the certainty of the sun & the growth of the flowers would be certain no more.

	“I am afraid of no Last Summer.” Said the crow, who happened to overhear. “The summer comes, and then it goes. There’s no rhyme or reason to it… so what’s the point in being bothered?”
	The wind and the bumblebee ignored the crow, because the crow was a known sceptic and pessimist, who just wanted people to disagree, so he could fight them. 
	
	But the large white cat that lived up by the dairy farm, who was sunning himself on a large log, happened to be listening in (as cats are ought to do), and he tilted his great head to the side and purred. “The summer goes only if you can’t keep it to your chest.” His large yellow eyes followed the bumblebee and then flicked to the crow. “You catch the summer, and if you just don’t let it go, it can’t leave.” And as if to illustrate, the white cat lunged for the skeptical crow. The cat caught the crow and in one bite, swiftly dispatched it. The cat from the dairy farm looked up at the bumblebee, immensely pleased. “The summer only ends if you let it.”

	The bumblebee didn’t know what to believe, should the Last Summer be feared? Or should it be fought? Or perhaps there was some other thing that it should be, but the bumblebee was not very clever, so he didn’t figure it out.

	The rivers had been flooding their banks for weeks, and the peepers had grown into frogs, and everything was changing. But the bumblebee, neither cared for change nor for things to stay the same. Now he just worried about the summer that would be the last.

	A girl and boy, standing on a hill. The girl with the daffodil in hand, and the boy standing next to her.
	“This is the Last Summer.” She said, and there was quiet, only the sound of the eavesdropping wind. “And I go away soon.”
	The boy said nothing, and it wouldn’t’ve mattered even if he had, because it wouldn’t’ve changed anything.

	The bumblebee witnessed only some of this, but it was enough for him to wonder if the third thing you could do when faced with the Last Summer was to simply accept it.

That’s the Weekend
That’s the weekend. I go and go, and then, there’s the weekend.
	“You can’t keep living like this.” I said to myself in the mirror. I hadn’t eaten in nearly a day, and I’d woken up at five PM. “But it’s not as bad as it used to be.”
	I’m sitting in class, and I finally snap and say: “I’m tired. I’m tired of rape being used as a shortcut to character development.” Fuck that noise!
	But, then, that’s the weekend. I go and go, and then, there’s the weekend.
	
	I’ve gotta say, that I’ve got plans and my plans have got me, but I don’t have the drive, I fear I don’t have the passion to get to the places that I want to go. I only do things that I want to do, and don’t do the things I should—the things that I have to.
	There’s so much I feel that I oughta do, but I don’t know when I’ll find time to do them in between all this muckin’ about
	“I’ve got plans.” I say. “But I don’t have the will, I fear, to pursue them as I should.” I whisper, into my palms as I cry—I’m going to end up as nothing.

	Rail against the machine, and just sit there, crying as the train comes a-thunderin’ closer to where you’re tied
	But, sometimes I wake up, in the morning and I don’t care where I go, Fuck that noise!
	I wake up to wake up another day, and ain’t that living? Ain’t that, what it’s all about? It’s all about final fires and final wakes and final grandstands before the door shuts and the sun sets and we’re done & after all of that, I won’t be able to look back on my life and think that I’ve done something worth anything at all

Ice
I got called ice-princess until I got old, and then I was ice-queen
I got called frigid, and hard, and what did that mean? 

I kept my window open, and let the wind whistle in and cut through me & remind me of who I was
I spent the whole collection of seasons, downing ice-cold water to make me thin and to give my bones a tremble
I was cold. Cold to the core, and I did not care

Summer’s a vacation, summer belongs as a holiday destination. It’s brief and lovely time but I was enamored with the season’s antipode
I still love my moniker & let it serve as a reminder as to the purpose of the wind’s whistle and its loving slice

I heard my own thoughts thinking and I curled up deep inside myself, and wondered about the future, and whether or not hearing your own thoughts thinking was conducive to my health
It was the end, though, the end of the line, and the ice was laid to rest finally and I looked in the mirror to discover than only my head was froze’ & that my heart never had been

Water Spirit
I found a singing water spirit in the abandoned wood,
He promised me, a babbling brook, and endless love with endless life to live
He promised me, the find-of-a-lifetime and a lover that would remain sweet
And I said, to the water spirit, “What do you want from me?”
And he just shrugged, “What would you give me, for all that, anyway?”

It was a dark pool, adjacent to the spring, and the spirit was a man with pale blue skin looking up at me 
I had nothing to give, nothing to spare, not even the pennies I kept (sewn into my heart to remind me of my commodity), and I needed the iron nails in my pockets (to ward off the fairies that lived in the wood)
But when I said all that, he again just shrugged and shook his head,
That wily water spirit, he gestured for me to come into his lovely little spring
(The water’s just right, just like you like)
(Come along, love, you’re alright)

I was divested of all will to stay by the bank, and I dove right in
My clothes dissolved like papier-mâché and I fell deep in love with the fresh water taste
The water spirit, he said, “Come along,” and he gestured away from the shore, said “Come along,” and I followed close behind
We swam for many days, and we met in an
Underwater world, what a beautiful underwater-place

Water spirit said we’d get along just fine, said that he and I would do fine, here in underwater world and underwater heaven
There were towering buildings, towering women with long flowing hair, and towering volcanic spires
And I didn’t think about that abandoned wood, or those frightening fay I tried in vain to ward away

Water spirit and I got along perfectly well, he promised me the find-of-a-lifetime, and endless love for endless life
And I got all those things, (I just had to swim)
I was promised the ability to wish away, all those things that made me so sad, all those things that made me feel so complicated, all those things that made it hard to love me
And so I swam, and swam
I heard the water whisper it briefly: You Killed Him
You Murdered A Man Dead
Because Your Attentions Are Fleeting
You Should Be Ashamed
And, my God, I was

Water spirit, I prayed, come take me away—I don’t know where you’ve gone, and now I’m lost, it’s too dark down where I am now
I want to go home.

But water spirit, he was gone, he’d never really been there at all
I didn’t think any of it was real, I didn’t think any of what I did that day was true
(What great mistake have I made?)
That wily water spirit man was nothing if not a reflection of me, 
The heavy water in my ears, shouting!
Come Back Home!
You Cannot Sleep This One Off
You Cannot Not-Care Anymore
You Must Return Home
You Do Not Belong Here.

And it’s scary, but I woulda died there (I know)
I woulda let myself get consumed by the water sunk in my bones (It woulda killed me, I think!)
A water spirit, be damned
I wanted to return home to that wood, and those clothes I had left dissolved, I wanted my iron and copper—back secure in my fist
My God—I wanted my blood to come back, and the flush in my cheeks to return
I was tired of being dead, I was tired of being cold
And, by God, I wanted to be warm.

Good Luck
Good luck sugar-sweet girls,
I coulda sworn I saw angry waves a-gatherin’ outside
A storm’s coming soon & I’ll blink and all my cotton candy will have melted away

Good luck to my angry way of being
I coulda sworn that there was water a-leaking inside
All of my candles are dimming & there is no light left in my empty room

Good luck passion-fruit cakes sitting on the kitchen table
I coulda sworn the smell of sweet oranges still perfumes this place
A silly dream (it was all a silly dream, I know, I know…) & I spent hours changing my clothes just to look back and wonder what any of that was for

Good luck me
I coulda sworn it was cool and doused in thickly syrup
But the river had been frozen over and the ducks had come home to roost far too early & I couldn’t sleep for days and now it is too late


Déjà Vu from the Black Lagoon
Bad déjà vu
It’s coming up, bubbling up from the bottom of the back lagoon
I go up the stairs, and am reminded of what occurred here

Bad déjà vu—not gonna let you forget
It’s coming soon, to theaters near you (heavy dark syrup to wade through)
I am standing in a room, and am reminded of what occurred in there too

Bad déjà vu, women in wide-brimmed hats telling me that they’re tired
It’s coming home, home to roost with you and the great big birds
I am in a place I’d rather not ever return to

Bad déjà vu
It’s coming & it’s gone, just a little memory come up from the past to get you
I wade back home again, through the black lagoon, and I do not sink & I do not see myself going back to that room again anytime soon

Rorschach 
He said he’d fuck some sense back into me.
(So he did & it was black ink splotches on white cardstock & I loved it & when he held them up and asked what I saw, I saw no butterflies)
So he said he’d been thinking about me and wondering what best to do with my body when I came home again
I have dreams, I say, About tying you up & sometimes about hurting you & then kissing your neck and your throat

That was the man with the uniform, watching me from the other river bank (dark hat pulled low over his face & his fists stuffed deep in his pockets)
I called across, What’s your name, Stranger?
But he did not answer, simply stared
I vowed I’d have him then, I looked at him, and though he could have been death or someone much worse, I made a promise to split him open/cleave ‘im in half and then lick my blade clean

With his teeth he tore a chunk of flesh from my inner thigh and called me a fighter & I replied, my blade is bathed in ice and made strong from the many folds of steel within
He said there wasn’t another & to that I did not dignify a reply and all I felt was funny and like I was breathing thick clouds of sheep’s wool 
I think that whatever this is, it could be much worse—I could bring down hell upon the man underneath me & I could kill him in his sleep

Whata relationship, whata ride
I’d be on top one moment and then on my knees with my throat full the next 
Don’t you want to ask me? About the ones before? I asked
He didn’t shake his head (all I could hear were bells-a-ringing in my ears) and so I told him (tryin’ to make the chiming stop) everything I’d ever done & he sat there and took it, heard about all-a my firsts and seconds and thirds and began to loosen his tie
He was hot! And hot and boiling beneath his skin & before I could finish he finished me

He said he’d unfuck me and then move on to unfucktheworld & I haven’t a doubt in ‘im or ‘is passion & kick to the stomach
He’s got the stamina, the go-hard rolling set o’ gears to get the job done (and all the passion I have would only ever-a amounted to me just watching)
So I clawed a great mark down his face & begged, remember me! And let him look me in the eye & allowed his morality to sink into me once more & then that once-a-stranger-man had disappeared into the night and there was not a single sound to be heard for miles

Go On
When it feels like you’re being consumed, lean into it
“Effort will never betray you.” She said to me
“So give it everything you ever had to give.”

I don’t know what else I have
I am burned out & it is irreversible & I cannot ever go back home again
I don’t know what effort I have left to give

She was… not pleased with that
“What’s the point then?” She gestured angrily all around. “Why care at all?”
She’d got me thinking like the black crow and she’d got herself prophesizing as the fat white farm cat
“Why were you given anything? If all you were going to do was ferment?”

I am festering. I said, Please help me.
But she’d have none of it.
“You got gutted. You passed over river death & made your way back to your body again. You fought to keep living & now you’re alive finally.”
That was all done in desperation! I said, I had no other choice.
“You did not come so far to stop now.” She said. “You’ve killed a man & fed on him & the gods, they saw. They know what we did and how we were starving & all they thought to do was stare, knowing that one day we’d consume them too.”

I came so far, I looked upon the moon and howled in pain & felt alive again
It wasn’t fair. I say and can barely meet her gaze.
“Nothing is. You only get what you can steal.”
I came so far—but what’s the point if I do not love what I make?
She did not answer me, but instead turned to face the place from where I’d came
I can’t go back there. I begged. I cannot return.
“So, don’t.” She said. “But you cannot stay here.”


I shaped my body
It did as it was told, after much cajoling and coercion
All it took was a little pain in my side
(where the corset pushed my ribs closer together)
I shaped the vessel I call my home
And made her beautiful

I got told: I was good how I was before
But you ought not to listen to voices like those
And besides, people did look at me differently after
Who could deny it?
I shaped my body & I shaped my physical form
And I created a new thing

I was a new thing, living and breathing effort
And everything I had I made myself & fought to get
Do I get worried sometimes? Worried I’ve gone too far?
I shaped this body
And now I am sure, I’ll never be done.
 
Arson-Dream
I don’t know when it first became a thought
But the image came to me in a dream 
I was standing up on a hill 
And watching buildings go up in flame 

The grounds smoldered, livid grass green
Smoke rose upwards in a straight line 
And the place I’d lived, got licked in flame
The words my mother said: You can never go home again

I coulda sworn they were fireworks
By the time the sun went down, and they were still burning
Nobody came to see, nobody rushed to help
It was just that hill and me

I don’t know when it first became a thought I had
But I imagined burning that place to the ground
And being heated from the outside-in
Thinking that if I just lived to see that—I’d be free

When I awoke, dripping in sweat 
Oh, the fiery dream, it stayed with me 
I walked with it clutched in a fist & stuffed in a pocket
And I promised myself the angriest revenge I was capable 
& that I’d do the best I was able to

Ginger-Beer Girl
Ginger-beer girl burned down my throat
She stood with, ginger-beer bottle in hand
Drinking socially without drinking at all
Ginger-beer girl came with a fiery taste 
My lips were hot all night after

What’s the point of you? She asks
Her words are not slurred 
I have no answer and am content 
Just to give her what she wants
I get down on my knees and beg for her
There’s no point to me. I say

Ginger-beer girl has got what she needs
And so she leaves
The party isn’t the same once she’s gone
The backyard’s empty and the atmosphere’s sour
And she’s left us all behind and it gets very quiet
And I feel suddenly so alone

By-Myself
I wake and see you in my bed
I think that I am sure, that all of this violence will become too much to bear & that I am dreadfully alone
Alone in this body and I don’t know what the cure for that is
I got this place in me and I don’t know how to share

I wake and think: I am a man come straight from hell
I must remember to bleed and to keep sharp and hope that I’ve still got a lot of life remaining for me
Look in the mirror & think: Who Are You… You Don’t Look Like I Remember
I wake and want nothing more to return to sleep and continue to dream

I came from something great and heavy, I got built with shine and care
Yet I am here, awake and feeling so apart from the things that I encounter
I am in my own head and I don’t know how to return from that 
I wake and I am angry and feeling helpless and so utterly by-myself that it makes me mad

I am awake and wanting for something that will only bring me disappointment
I got touched and I cried, I felt someone else’s hand pressing against my chest and then pushing inside me and I had no words to gasp aloud at the feeling
It was violation & it was sharing & it was all too much as I felt tears streaming and streaming and then just as suddenly: I was alone in myself again and thinking about the years I’d spent just existing, attempting to pursue that passion I was given
I had dreams and I had loves, but then I had none and more than anything I just wanted peace and to be unbothered

I am so awake and I see you in my bed and think: You Cannot Fill This Hole
& I try not to hold that against you but perhaps it’s too late and I already have

I feel so by-myself these days.

I got tired of getting knocked down
Only to stand & get hit back again

My knees are scraped and my knuckles are bleeding
There’s dirt and stones in the wounds & I scrub at them with a toothbrush dipped in hydrogen peroxide & call myself a bitch when I cry

I got tired and then got mad about it
I was runnin’ out of bandaids and I had no more clean, white gauze to wrap my joints in

I am dying! I want to say but know that the words require an admission of weakness
I won’t be alive for long! My eyes brim with tears that I scrub angrily away
I might be being killed out here, but I’ll go with pride.

I got tired of getting knocked down
Only to stand & get hit back again
I’m a goddamn coward, I think, & don’t fight when I should

Things That You Ought Not To Do

You ought not to talk about it & when you dance and get ground on from behind you best say nothing 
Oh! Don’t talk about it
You promised me you wouldn’t even spend a minute thinking it
Oh! Keep your mouth shut you silly girl

You ought not to say things that you don’t mean & when you misspeak, you best clamor over yourself to correct
Oh! You promised me that you’d keep me quiet & only say what you felt

You ought not to play games that you will not win

I had no clothes on
And there was no spinning or spiraling
Only an overwhelming feeling of present
& wondering how this would end without fear

I thought that I would be changed, he said 
I heard from everyone I would be different afterwards
We were no different after—we were no forms changed
& the part of the experience he craved the most was being inside of me

That’s it, I said back, you can have anything
I have everything, but it does not control me
It’s for the connection I have with you
There’s no pleasure aside from that

I thought I would be changed, he echoed
Losing your virginity is an important thing

Losing your virginity is nothing, I said
It means nothing at all—it’s your first time that’s important
That’s the term you’re looking for

He agreed with me & ran his fingers down my back
I have never identified with you more, I want to say
I have never felt more connected with you on the inside
If this is what gave me the opportunity to do so—
I’d gladly do it again.

I Saw The Future
I saw the future. I want to say. I saw the future and I know how it all plays out.
But nobody is listening & I keep it to myself to avoid seeming overwrought with thoughts of things so far away
I meet him in a bar in the city of Edinburgh. “It’s been such a long time since I’ve seen you.” I say.
“It has.” He agrees.
And I begin to ask him about how his life is now, so far away from high school, now in our early thirties, I sit and watch him sip at a beer. The bar is well-lit and I’m enjoying the way the light plays off of his skin when I see him eyeing me up—appreciating my body as well.
“This seems to have been meant to be.” I say sincerely, and I run my tongue over the backs of my teeth. “What a chance-in-a-million that I run into you.”
I take him back to my place (high up on the top floor of a new building in the far left-hand corner of the city) & say, “Isn’t it nice that we get to know each other again?”
He remembered who I was then & applied his knowledge carefully—all our dreams were achieved, and we are big-kids now, and he knows just where to touch me. We’ve got new tricks, him VS me, and it’s just peachy, the walls fade and become fuzzy and I run my tongue up the roughness of a shaved jaw.
“Oh it’s good to be me.” I hiss and am reminded so heavily of being touched—all for the very first time—and feeling as if I had been made by God for the very moment I was indulging in. “I can feel that again!” I insist as I hold him close to me & try not to cry for the good man I’ve left behind.
“I’ve never met someone who’s been my First, since.” I kiss him. 
“Me neither.” He says back. “And it’s kind for us to be allowed to revisit it.”
And it is so kind, so kind, and it serves to rekindle the loveliness in me. I feel so young and like I’m seventeen and experiencing all of my life over again, heating up & cooling down, just to find myself kissing his neck & his hand under my shirt and running over my breast. “Oh, you gave me some amazing times…” I find myself saying to him as I run a palm over the contours of his stomach.
“You remind me of what it used to be.” He says. “And what it used to be was good—I loved being with you.”
“I loved being with you too.” I say, and nuzzle my cheek against his. “Too bad we can’t stay here, like this, forever.”
“Yes,” He says, “Too bad we aren’t still together.”
And he leaves for his business conference the next day & I kiss him on the cheek and don’t beg him to stay, or insist that he become kept by me, because those times are past & we are grown-ups now with grown-up responsibilities.
I saw the future! I want to say. I saw the future and it was something I’ll never fail to remember & it will come to pass & I will think only of it to ask myself how on earth I never realized it before.

There is a flower, sprouting out through my empty skull
I am long dead & currently a small plant is residing inside my empty head
I can feel it grow & push
It wants to get big & grow-up & make its way as an adult
The sand beneath us is black and fine, and only the moon shines in the sky
The flower grows without sun and without good soil
It forces its way through me until it finally reaches open air
Its growth splits a crack right down my cranium
It asks for no permission and it feels no sorry for how it desecrates my bones
It is life & the responsibility of life is to crunch the dead underfoot as they go

Flower, make your way! I want to say
Do what I failed and make yourself strong
Get big & get fierce 
And grow roots that wrap around your resting place and keep me safe


Little Girl
I have come to terms.
I cannot be a killer—okay.
Don’t… get angry about it.
Even if it is because you are weak.

I played a game and it was
Not the truth when I said
I was not owned by pleasure
I got played.

I think I lied to my heart—
I think I lied to myself—
And got indulged
And humored

There’s a version of me
She’s a little girl
She turns her nose up at me
BE A MAN

I would yell back at her:
I don’t know if I can!
But she doesn’t want to listen
IF ONLY I’D KNOWN I’D GROW UP INTO YOU
She spits

This is no game
And I may not continue to pretend to play
I want to cry
That little girl,
She cuts me down to size

BE THE WOLF & BE THE LUMBERJACK
COME HOME TO A WIFE WITH RED HAIR
AND EAT ONLY A SINGLE OF HER CAKES
BEFORE HEADING OUT TO KILL & PROTECT

KEEP YOURSELF SAFE & DO WHAT YOU MUST
DO NOT BARE YOUR NECK
YOU CANNOT LIVE IF YOU ARE WEAK

That little girl—she kept on shouting
Yelling and kicking & screaming
Until I couldn’t even hear myself anymore

We The Children

All we asked for in return was a chance to learn
We got underperforming schools & wealth disparity
& it’s been somewhat unhelpful for our test scores
To watch our peers finger paint with the contents of our soft bodies
& gunshots become the sound popcorn popping
& we remain as the kernels burning in the bottom of the pot
Simmering in the oil.

We marched on the capital, declared this occupation unlawful
& in violation of our constitutional rights 
& we got laughed out of town
It was declared the largest case of forgetting your roots ever
You used to be us. We told the men in Congress
And we will not forget about what you have done here today.

We watched as it was us, the children, who cracked the segregation egg
& how we got sent off to die in wars we did not begin but did not complain
We watched as companies took advantage of our political platforms & used them to sell us carbonated beverages
You’re out of touch. We said
And we will not be taken advantage of like this.

& finally, our nation’s grown-ups acquiesced
And allowed us to go to school
We marched up the front steps & got greeted by the barrel of a gun & a disgruntled classmate
& before we could ever blink
We got blown away.


We The Children
We stood and said:
We’ll fight in your wars
We’ll work your minimum wage jobs
We’ll play your games.
& all we asked for in return was a chance to learn
We got underperforming schools & wealth disparity
& it’s been somewhat unhelpful for our test scores
To watch our peers finger paint with the contents of our soft bodies
& gunshots become the sound popcorn popping
& we remain as the kernels burning in the bottom of the pot
Simmering in the oil.

We marched on the capital, declared this occupation unlawful
& in violation of our constitutional rights 
& we got laughed out of town
It was declared the largest case of forgetting your roots ever
You used to be us. We told the men in Congress
And we will not forget about what you have done here today.

We watched as it was us, the children, who cracked the segregation egg
& rallied against the Vietnam War
We watched as companies took advantage of our social platforms & used them to sell us carbonated beverages
You’re out of touch. We said
And we will not be taken advantage of like this.

& finally, our nation’s grown-ups acquiesced
And allowed us to go to school
We marched up the front steps & got greeted by the barrel of a gun & a disgruntled classmate
& before we could ever blink
We got blown away.


Show Me Home
I had not thought ahead to what I’d say
& when the time came 
I said, Show me home.

That’s my little planet! I said, and I was so proud.
That’s the place where I grew up!

I was a million lightyears from where I’d came
& I could feel it… pulling me back to where I’d been born.
But I was going to die here.
And I’d never see my home again.

I wanted to be buried on Earth—in the dirt.
I wanted to get eaten by worms
I wanted to die and have all my molecules returned back again
I wanted to grow sunflowers out my chest 
And I wanted to become wet, good soil fit for farming.

I can feel the tears, wet on my cheeks
It isn’t too much to ask!
To die in the peace of your own planet!

But people from space, they have no home
And don’t think about that sort of thing.
I’ll die here & it’s breaking my heart.

My last thoughts are of home
And the little blue hologram floating in front of me
It continues to spin
Even after I am done.

The Sand!
There’s sand everywhere
It’s in the blinds
And blocking the doorways
It’s filling the house up 
And falling from the ceilings

This sand is rising
And it’s cold and wet down by my feet
I wade through it—determined to get back to where
It’s pouring in
And to plug up the hole

I’m bailing sand out the window 
But it rises to my waist
This sand is not a metaphor
It is real, actual, fucking sand
And it’s all over the place

All I can think is: 
What a mess this is making
What is happening?
Where is all of this sand coming from?

The sand has risen to my chest
I’m trying to swim towards the door
It’s like walking through molasses
But instead of molasses it’s sand
And it’s everywhere.

I clucked my tongue and that hound
He came a-runnin’ to stand by my knee

Oh hound, I say
I’ve got so much life left to live
I fear that my stagnant nature will get the best of me
And I’ll eat my days without pausing to savor

The hound did not reply to me
Instead, he cocked his head and breathed a heavy sigh

What’s Jonathan Been Up To Lately
Jonathan’s been getting the best of me, lately.
Jonathan’s been stuck under my skin & been everywhere I’ve looked
Jonathan’s been keeping me up at night
Jonathan’s been tryin’ to kill me

Hey, it ain’t okay to get eaten up when you’re playing a game of chew-spit
Get your head in the game & stand up to say what you mean

Hey brown-eyed Jonathan-boy, how’s it goin’?
Hey pretty, pretty bird—how’ve you been hangin’?
Hey there smug kitty-cat, what’s in your whiskers?

Jonathan! I shout. Stop this occupation!
This is not alright & it is time to see yourself on out before I begin to cry
Not fair, but hey buddy didn’t I tell you
Someone wants to cut a hole in you and fuck you through it
And that someone is me

Hey, Jonathan! I call
Hey, wait up for me!
Remind me that I can get anything I want
Remind me that I can have anything I do so please
All of this is mine & it’s mine to use as I see fit

Jonathan get outta my head
Jonathan better get slept or he’s gonna get dead

Wolf Man
I want to be the wolfish man all decorated in tattoos
When I approach that old farmhouse in my dreams
I see him tending to the sheep

I practice every day
I look myself hard in the mirror and go:
Hey brown-eyed raven, how’s it goin’?
I leer and say:
Hey pretty, pretty bird—how’ve you been hangin’?

I want everything
I want everything I see/I want to devour it whole
I want to eat and eat and eat

Hey Wolf Man! I say
Are you paying attention to me?

I’m not in love! I deny
I’m just filled with jealousy.

I want to be the wolfish man
I see how he cleans his teeth
I see how he chomps his partners clean in half

How could I want for anything less?


Religious
I’ll insist that I never hated men
But I always thought that cross around your neck was stupid
I always thought: Who do you think you’re foolin’?

Red-faced and panting
Maybe I’m just jealous, I think, as I begin to sprint
I’ve been many different people, it feels
But a core of pine & blood sacrifices have kept me young
& I ain’t dead yet

I always thought that you were too sure
I always thought: You think you’ll ever be redeemed?
I met all the women in that bible you so admire
& all of them got fed to hounds that ripped them apart
Or written out of history entirely

I’ll insist that I never hated men 
But men sought fit to take everything that they could fit their fist around
And maybe I’m just jealous I didn’t think of it first
I shoulda taken as much as I could hold & then
Stolen away in the night, laughing

Time to Go Home

There’s no joke here, my kitten isn’t ever coming home
I struggled with wanting to fuck another man & told him so
& he just laughed and nodded and asked me how often I thought about it
Every day, I say—and try to keep from looking pained
It’s so much easier, now that I’m able to just say it 
Now that I don’t have to fight it

Won’t I ask him for permission? Permission to bring another man home?
Permission seeking peasant, lady from the forest—drag your mutt home & collar him if he’s bad
How delicious! It would only be the once, and afterwards I might even die
There’s no joke here, I don’t wanna ask in fear
I couldn’t deal with it, I would lose my absolutely shattered mind
It wouldn’t go great

Time to come home, and be satisfied
Time to come home, and eat
Time to go out and seek those things which you wish to meet

Fantasies
Determined to Get Some
I acted out scenes of drama
I said: I’ll be King & you’ll serve all my needs
& I can get you to do anything I please

There was a moment, in which I dreamed
The most powerful man: dropped to his knees
& he begged for me
& I sent him crying away

There’s not much to say,
About power-fantasies anyways
I said: I want to make it clear—
I would never do that to you—
But it’s too late & that’s a strange wariness
In his eyes now

I want to take the things I desire
But I recognize that in, polite society,
You must play the long-con
You must wear leather skirts & cut your long nails
In order to get the job done

There’s no man I couldn’t dream of
Giving up to a higher power
Should a sacrifice be demanded
But (oh) I might decry: For shame!
While leaving him out to dry
& have his bones bleached in the desert sun 

Crossroads
In my dream, I visit a crossroads
It is night
And a man stands there,
Leant against a wooden water tower
Waiting for me

He says my name aloud
& I wonder how he knows me
The corner of his mouth lifts
& he says, We seal this deal with a kiss.

I have met this man only once since
And then I was not dreaming—
Walking down a dirt path
Great fields of green grass hem me in
And I turn the bend, only to see that
Great water tower I saw five years ago
In a dream I had when I was thirteen

The sun is high in the sky
And there he is: waiting for me again.
It’s been a long time, friend.
He says.
And it will be a long time ‘till we meet again.

The man, seems serious now
I must ask you, was it worth it? He says
Would you go back, and choose everything the same?
What would you do, now that you know better?

It’s taken me this long to be honest with myself
And I want so badly to tell him the truth
“Man of the Crossroads,” I say
“I want to be at peace.”
“But I worry, that, now, knowing what I know—”
“I would not choose what I chose.”

He nods thoughtfully, and says
You’ll come back here once more,
Sometime soon
But for now, continue on your way

I leave that man in the dust of the road
Shading himself under the water tower
And hope that what he says is a lie
& that I never find myself in that place
And that this meeting will be the last time
He ever sees me

From This Day
From this day forward—it is decreed
That we may no longer write about
Things such as: God, love, and depression
As you will be considered trite
We may no longer write about
Things such as flowers: sunsets, or women’s bodies
As they are compared to various delicious fruits
Because: honestly enough already
& you should be a bit more ashamed that that’s
The best you could come up with.

In Conclusion
There was a poem I wrote
About a spider
& my dad
But I’m too embarrassed to share
Now that I’m some years older

I have learned: If you are funny
You are absolved from coming off as faux-deep
& you do not have to worry about anything
Except, perhaps, taking the joke too far
Until it’s only you, laughing along with yourself

I have blinked and discovered that now
I am old and giggling at my reflection
I duck down underneath the sink and hope to hell
I can escape from this lady
Before she eats me
& before I recognize her as me

Oh, armchair philosopher, won’t you give it a rest
& let us all just get on?
Oh, man-in-me, won’t you sit down
& be at peace.

In Conclusion: Welcome back home again.
 



