Sunflowers
Yeah sunflowers,
They gave me hope for a new day’s come
Yeah sunflowers,
They gave me thoughts of love

I grew great birds, raised them in my backyard
Diet of bugs and blackberry leaves
I fed them so they’d grow up vicious, but still want to curl up in my arms
Yeah, sunflowers, like the birds, they grew tall

I fought with sunflower-sort-of-hate
I let my emotion get the best of me
But my birds feel no regret for the things they’ve ate
They were heartless, and they only felt a lust for survive

Yeah sunflowers,
I knitted them together into a crown
Say that the sunflowers, they follow the light
And they’ll show you the way back home again

I’ll come again, back where I was once from,
I’ll get my soul back
I’ll come back again to that garden, filled with sunflower forests
And my birds, amongst the thick stalks.


Fool!
I missed feeling LOVE.
	I missed feeling POWERFUL again.
	I wanted to get back what I’d had, I’d had it, I’d had it that summer,
	I want to go back and ask so many questions!
	My God, I needed some things to be said, but instead…

	Ach, you’re a fool, look what you’ve done
	You’re a fuckin’ fool and you’ve really gone and done it now
	My LOVER would never want a man like you!
	My LOVER can’t stand to even imagine being touched by you!
	You’re a fuckin’ fool!

	I am no mistakes made
	I am no foolish forgetful man,
	I own this skin I’m in.
	I am what made me, and I am no fear.
	
Conversation on What Went Wrong
“I haven’t got a problem,” I say. “There’s nothing wrong with me.”
“You’ve got no troubles, no worries.”
“I have what I should, I should think,” I say. “Perhaps you have the heartache, maybe you’re the hurt one.”
“What happened that year.”
How blunt of him. “I almost killed myself.” I say.
It’s really out before I can think about it.
“And how’d you do that?” What a morbid fascination, what a bastard. Don’t pry into my life.
“I’m missing these moments, the moments I shouldn’t have missed.”
“How are you left living a life that isn’t your own?”
“I don’t know, I blinked and I was outta my own sorta head.” I shrug. “I blinked and I wasn’t the same anymore. I didn’t know what had happened.”
“You just blinked and you just sorta missed it.”
“Yes.”
“What a fool you were back then.”
“Yes.”
“What a strange sort of man that makes you now.” He said.
“Yes.”

Look what we gave up for you
I was not given up on. It took me a while to realize it, that there were still people who cared for me when I could not care for myself.

Maybe, you should just come home
I could never return home again—sometimes it feels as if I’ve died. I needed to be someone else to survive, I say, as if that makes it okay.

Whatever you choose, make sure it’s for you
I don’t know who I am yet, I want to say. I don’t know all the facts, all the thoughts, I’m unequipped. I don’t know what to do… I don’t know how to choose.

Regardless, you must decide soon
I don’t know what to do. If I can never go home again, if I’m not able to ever return to that place… I don’t know what I can do to change.

It’s okay to not know… it’s okay to make mistakes
I am all out of mistakes. I am all out of pathway. I’ve waited too long, and now I have no options, I have nothing left to offer. I’m sorry I cannot give back what I took, what I borrowed.

You’ve got to have faith it’ll all work out
I am given-up and godless now. Faith is the last thing I had, but I donated it away. I am whatever I was made to be, regardless of accidentally or purposefully.


I stopped wanting to kill Peter,
And moved on to wanting to snap the spine of another man.

It became too hard.
It was too difficult to say: I love you Peter 
And mean it
So I stopped saying it

I still missed him though, I missed his warmth, his familiarity
But I rationalize it:
Peter had to die.
We all do.

I stopped wanting to kill Peter,
And I think it broke my heart

What did it mean? That I allowed Peter to go free?
Does it mean I’ve stopped wanting him?

I don’t know what it means, Peter
Just that I hope one day I’ll be forgiven
For wanting to take my bloodlust elsewhere

I’ll always miss that voice: sayin’
It’s time to kill Peter
It’s time to kill him
Kill Him!
KILL PETER!

But, why can’t I shake the feeling that after all that time, all those dreams of murder,
I’ve killed Peter
Killed ‘im dead nonetheless

I’ve stopped wanting to kill Peter
I’ve stopped wanting to kill Peter (and wear his bones as a corset!)
I’ve stopped wanting to do what I shoulda!

I should’ve killed Peter!
I should’ve said to him: I love you.
I love you Peter.
Oh Peter! It wasn’t on purpose—I didn’t mean it!
I killed another man
A man who was not you

Oh Peter!
I’ve gone and killed Peter!

What a mistake I’ve made.

A Great Voice
In this night: I heard a great voice say to me,
Give me something of value,
Say something you mean.

I delivered a bite to the neck—and told that great voice off
Said he was a rude influence
And I would not have things like that asked of me until I made my way back home again

Back in hell:
Devil looked at me with tears in his eyes and I kissed him back
Said I’d give him my soul, as long as he let me back the path I had came
(I had mistakes to un-make!)
(And so little time to un-make them!)

God would want me for himself, I knew and made peace with it
God would want to take anything I had, I knew and so I stood in a ring of my own blood and begged protection from these deities 
I would not be made a servant of His agenda (not again!)
I would be as I always had, I would make a life free from obligation
(Free of the men who would seek to eat me)
(Suck my tongue out through my teeth)

The answer came as a breath on my cheek
If you want to be saved
You’ll have to save yourself.


How I Lived
I lived in spite.
It was all I had—I had spite for myself—for all of the things I was made to do while I was unwilling & unwanting of change
I had a long, wool scarf,
And I wrapped myself in it, and curled underneath my dirty pile of clothes
My eyes were dirty and fetid
And I let myself be lost and to decay

I lived in malaise.
I would do horrible things, and let myself die before I admitted 
What I had done.
I painted my nails red, and then pressed them underneath my eyes
Willing for them to finally pop & for it all to be done.

I lived in loss.
I lost myself, I say, I wrote, I lost who I was 
I didn’t know I could make it out come light-again, 
I lived as shallow specter of grief because I was—I was alone
(And the old me would not come back)
(Even when I asked)

I lived as someone else
For whole years
Until I could not anymore.

Water Spirit
I found a singing water spirit in the abandoned wood,
He promised me, a babbling brook, and endless love with endless life to live
He promised me, the find-of-a-lifetime and a lover that would remain sweet
And I said, to the water spirit, “What do you want from me?”
And he just shrugged, “What would you give me, for all that, anyway?”

It was a dark pool, adjacent to the spring, and the spirit was a man with pale blue skin looking up at me 
I had nothing to give, nothing to spare, not even the pennies I kept (sewn into my heart to remind me of my commodity), and I needed the iron nails in my pockets (to ward off the fairies that lived in the wood)
But when I said all that, he again just shrugged and shook his head,
That wily water spirit, he gestured for me to come into his lovely little spring
(The water’s just right, just like you like)
(Come along, love, you’re alright)

I was divested of all will to stay by the bank, and I dove right in
My clothes dissolved like papier-mâché and I fell deep in love with the fresh water taste
The water spirit, he said, “Come along,” and he gestured away from the shore, said “Come along,” and I followed close behind
We swam for many days, and we met in an
Underwater world, what a beautiful underwater-place
(Reminds me of my lovely-boy, who I’d lost some time before)
(Reminds me of my lovely-boy, and my-oh-my, his narrow blue eyes)

Water spirit said we’d get along just fine, said that he and I would do fine, here in underwater world and underwater heaven
There were towering buildings, towering women with long flowing hair, and towering volcanic spires
And I didn’t think about that abandoned wood, or those frightening fay I tried in vain to ward away
All I thought of was where I was,
I didn’t think of any red-lit hellscape or any lovely-boy
I had no grief or sad-life
Because I did not think: I had lost that love, I had lost those things that I had wanted so hard to keep mine!
Because instead I did a thing that meant me running away

Water spirit and I got along perfectly well, he promised me the find-of-a-lifetime, and endless love for endless life
And I got all those things, (I just had to swim)
I was promised the ability to wish away, all those things that made me so sad, all those things that made me feel so complicated, all those things that made it hard to love me
And so I swam, and swam (and I kept on swimming, because oh my love, I had let him go)
I heard the water whisper it briefly: You Killed Him
You Murdered A Man Dead
Because Your Attentions Are Fleeting
You Should Be Ashamed
And, my God, I was

Water spirit, I prayed, come take me away—I don’t know where you’ve gone, and now I’m lost, it’s too dark down where I am now
I want to go home.

But water spirit, he was gone, he’d never really been there at all
I didn’t think any of it was real, I didn’t think any of what I did that day was true
(What great mistake have I made?)
That wily water spirit man was nothing if not a reflection of me, none of what he said was a straight-out lie (But None Of It Was Really Quite True Though, Was It?)
(Or was that just the water talking again??)
The heavy water in my ears, shouting!
Come Back Home!
You Cannot Sleep This One Off
You Cannot Not-Care Anymore
You Must Return Home
You Do Not Belong Here.

And it’s scary, but I woulda died there (I know)
I woulda let myself get consumed by the water sunk in my bones (It woulda killed me, I think!)
A water spirit, be damned
I wanted to return home to that wood, and those clothes I had left dissolved, I wanted my iron and copper—back secure in my fist
My God—I wanted my blood to come back, and the flush in my cheeks to return
I was tired of being dead, I was tired of being cold
And, by God, I wanted to be warm.

The MacKay Woman Who Made The Devil
It was never going to be the fault of the lovely one
It was never going to be him, letting her down, it was only ever gonna be what it was/and it was about duplication and melon colored bruises
Something sitting in the back of her throat waiting, taking its time before crawling out, and making itself known/crawling out and making moves to swallow her whole
She was a bitch! and she’d fuck you up for knowing it, and that was just F-I-N-E by her
She once made a deal with God, she promised she’d mentor his dearest son (what a sweet sweet boy he’d been) but by the time she was done/God was angry!/He was mad!/That bad girl had pushed his son, and his son he--FELL 
And when she was confronted: she just laughed, said, Yes God, I did what I did, and your boy was sweet to the taste—I had him, and he was mine, and then I was done
That’s what the rumors said, anyways, that’s what the townsfolk whispered, she was a MacKay-Woman after all, all woman of MacKay blood had a little bit-o-hell in them the moment they were born
That woman, she’d bite her own damn head off if it meant getting the best of you—and she knew it too
It was never going to be the fault of the lovely one/MacKay women did not love men/and they certainly took no hand in marriage or picket-fence-staking
It was never going to be Him, letting her down/because God was dead—as far as she was concerned, and that was all that mattered to her
It was going to be what it was, and it was about: Pride and Revenge
And she would get what she was owed.

My Last Breath Was To Virgon
I gave my last breath to Virgon & her dream
Virgon got my last gasp of air & used it to fuel her fire
That was Virgon, here and then gone
She said that it was time to get lost, and to lose myself to flames
Virgon said, the crown had been aligned
And it was written in the stars
It’s time to go home, Virgon, said: Come on back to me
And let me make the rest of your life sweet

It’s time to go on home—I’ve been so alone, 
It’s time to go on back, Virgon, she was calling me
And my love, Virgon, promised that she’d be there
Waiting on me.

Cherry Tree

Oh my sweet lovely cherry tree
Grew just outside my childhood bedroom window
It snowed white petals in spring
And the thick carpet covered my driveway

My sweet lovely cherry tree spit cherries down on me
They were sour and bright red and mostly made of 
Cherry pit
But I loved it—and buried every single seed

The only tree I could not climb, sweet cherry tree
It snowed white, and I let the petals rest on my tongue
And it tasted of the spring
And a reminder to pay attention to the things around me

That cherry tree, grew tall and spindly
Taller than any cherry tree should be
Because it was a wild cherry tree, and it would be whatever it would be
To be a cherry tree: what a dream

A Summer

There was a man with blue eyes—
And then the summer was over, and all of us returned back to real-life again
(Except some of us—some of us did not ever go home again)

The summer had ended and now it was time to grow up and have children and to give up seasonal drinking
And the summer was done and we all returned to our parents’ homes and awaited the return of a summer that would never come again

It was timeless & saturated in blue, red, yellow, and a brief flash of green right before the end
The summer was dead, and not all of us lived to return home again.

The fly could not love you
And it flew into the fire and then it
Burned 

I warmed my back to the fire
In nothing but a white towel
And it was all okay
And I saw it all (clear and coolly)

My back was to the fire
And a hand of flame reached to caress me from behind
It swept the panes of my back and carried on
Down my spine

The flame gave me the reminder I needed
To keep my head screwed on straight
And to follow my instinct

The night of Christmas Day
I was on watch
I kept my back to the flames
And the fire roared on all night long

The fly could not love you
And it flew into the fire and then it
Burned

And I was warmed
And quietly thanked it

Before returning to my bed when the fire finally died
And the sun had begun to rise

Lights
You make my heart glow, 
Turn on all the little string lights hanging across my chest
Make those little things go hot and bright
So hot they can’t handle the strain
Shatters and explodes
Glass cutting my face and my neck and the insides of both my thighs

This feeling is no flame
I’m made of no lighter fluid
I’ve never been a cigarette
But I have been a killer
The feeling is of no flame, but I’ve slow-roasted poetry over a candle
Burned up all the words until all was left was
Your name

I felt those waves, saw that storm before it came
Electricity, fire, and water mixed together
All my little lightbulbs fried
That candle extinguished
It’s too unusual, and I don’t believe you
When you tell me I’m beautiful

I missed you at night, without my lights
I wondered if you would ever make it home
Kissing your face, falling into a deep pit of 
Who are you now that your words—
I can’t even finish that
You’ve heard me cry, but never seen me without a sly grin on my face
And it’s on purpose.

You gave me these lights and I’m doing my damndest
To pop them
And turn ‘em out one by one
Until my insides match 
The look on my face
I’ll never be good and I’ll never be kind
An overly critical mess
But I’m not scared
The look on your face says I’m terrifying in the dark
And as a warning: I’ll blink once
And then I’ll eat you up.

The Moth
An idle threat caused her neck to crane
“You cannot go on like this.” Said the moth
Her hair, pulled by the wind, wrapped around her neck and tightened
“There is no ‘go on’ when you are a dead woman.” She spat back
The moth shuddered but kept on
Images of slit wrists and digging underneath her skin with a screwdriver
Trying to pry out the intruder
The moth called the woman closer
Standing on a grassy knoll and with dry lightning in the distance
But she said, “I’ll crush you in my palm if you come any nearer.”
Her eyes flashed and her hair loosened from ‘round her neck
And the moth was stolen ‘way by the wind

She
You did not write as you promised to, I said to a mean girl
Shrug.
Did it ever matter? Did it ever mean anything? Writing towards a looming deadline, I saw a television show about the birds and the bees
I always hated school, she said to me
Hated the crunch, the plastic applicator
The sandwiches with not enough jelly.
All of her dreams were about swimming through air as thick as water.
She said, “I got this nightmare,”
Eating chocolate cake she baked from a box, all alone in her house with her bare hands
Shoveling it all in so she can’t breathe and for a moment before she wakes, her throat clogged with thick chocolate cake, her vision swims and she sees God
She’s got him wrapped around her finger and only wears black leather jackets that don’t fit the width her shoulders
She got that Black Eyeliner that makes her eyes look beady
And she
Only eats raisin bread and Reese’s peanut butter cup ice cream
Ignores you when you talk to her
Insists she heard you the first time when you snap your fingers in front of her face to make sure she’s paying attention
Trains for her life of future crime by jumping chain link fences in the dark and knows that killing doesn’t bother her (shrug) and that ghosts only haunt people that don’t know how to take care of themselves
Has no heart, feels no love, but is all the more fun because
Cannot carry a tune, but loves to sing, loudly and often
Blows kisses to the men who catcall her on the street because she likes it and doesn’t see what all the fuss is about
Says to me that
Every man she meets in a gas station tells her she’s “not like those other girls” and to wear less makeup even when she’s not wearing any at all
Loves the color orange, owns nothing orange
Cusses like a sailor but hates boats and feels her chest being crushed and her ears ringing any time she touches water
And she
Is especially hard on the boyfriends of her friends, after having convinced herself she can see into their heads just by listening to the way they pronounce their vowels
Insists that all of her friends breakup with their significant others immediately
And she
Went and let that place get the best of her
Blames literally anything other than herself but somehow always feels guilty
Uses a lighter to burn the tips of her fingers 
Wishes more people would realize how figured-everything-out she is and ask her for advice
She’s got both eyes peeled for pretenders and she can’t stand them, afraid they’ll find her out
She feels nothing and is glad
And she
Shrug
Is what she is and is what she was

She
You did not write as you promised to, I said to a mean girl
Shrug.
Did it ever matter? Did it ever mean anything? Writing towards a looming deadline, I saw a television show about the birds and the bees
I always hated school, she said to me
Hated the crunch, the plastic applicator
The sandwiches with not enough jelly.
All of her dreams were about swimming through air as thick as water.
She said, I got this nightmare, an described it to me as thus:
Eating chocolate cake she baked from a box, all alone in her house with her bare hands. Shoveling it all in so she can’t breathe, her throat clogged with thick chocolate cake, drowning in it
She tells me she’s got him wrapped around her finger but how she cannot make a decision and she worries that she will stall out and stagnate, sink into a pond somewhere and never be found again
She only wears leather jackets that don’t fit the width of her shoulders
She got that Black Eyeliner that makes her eyes look beady
And she
Only eats raisin bread and Reese’s peanut butter cup ice cream
Ignores you when you talk to her
Insists she heard you the first time when you snap your fingers in front of her face to make sure she’s paying attention
Trains for her life of future crime by jumping chain link fences in the dark and knows that killing doesn’t bother her (shrug) and that ghosts only haunt people that don’t know how to take care of themselves
Has no heart, feels no love, but is all the more fun because
Cannot carry a tune, but loves to sing, loudly and often
Says to me that
Every man she meets in a gas station tells her she’s “not like those other girls” and to wear less makeup even when she’s not wearing any at all
Loves the color orange, wears no orange because she was told it was not her color
Cusses like a sailor but hates boats and feels her chest being crushed and her ears ringing any time she touches water
And she
Is especially hard on the boyfriends of her friends, after having convinced herself she can see into their heads just by listening to the way they pronounce their vowels
Insists that all of her friends breakup with their significant others immediately
And she
Goes an’ insists she’s so different
Blames literally anything other than herself but somehow always feels guilty
Uses a lighter to burn the tips of her fingers 
Wishes more people would realize how figured-everything-out she is and ask her for advice
She’s got both eyes peeled for pretenders and she can’t stand them, afraid they’ll find her out
She feels nothing and is glad
And she
Shrugs

At The Time, 

At the time, Death was not a friend
But when God abandoned me 
I dared him, cast me out
EASY. 
Death appeared in mirrors and in glass windows
He hunted me in reflections 
And when I finally met his gaze he stood
Black hooded and blue eyed
And asked me what master I would live to serve 
If I kept on the way I had been 

And Death came to be regarded as a friend 
He encouraged the deadly passions
Said, YOU HAVE BECOME GOD
ABUSE IT. 
Men could not be trusted to keep my secrets or to follow through with their duties
So I calmed their raised hackles and fed their guts with 
Beautiful, cherry blossoms and a great spear tipped with poison 
Spring had come
And it was seeded in their bellies 

And I, got down! underneath the sound of mortar fire 
Ducked low in the long grass--dug myself down into a hole
My promise to burn the place I'd been left in 
It had swallowed me whole
The seeds of revolution, came to fruition and flowered as big, thick yellow petals and a heavy, hungry red tongue 
YOU LET THEM DOWN
A smell made to twitch the stomach 
(my love, laid down a circle of salt, and, my love, I could not cross it to touch you--what had I become??)
And then the heat to make me sweat at the brow
Death encouraged me to remain hungry 
And let the emptiness become me

Three AM and I rose 
Un-asleep, just as I had been for days,
I HAD BECOME GOD 
And I said to Him, if he needed revenge that he'd 
Best come get it himself. 
(oh, my love, what had I become??)
(oh, love, I have missed you--won't you remind me of who I used to be??)
But He did not arrive 
And it was only Death who came 

It is nights like this one, the cool breeze slipping in through the window
That it comes to me in flashes
Balmy, heady, nights 
A yellow crown 
And kisses 
Ah--it was the lover 
My God, a jealous man,
What he took from me, unforgivable things
Unfixable things 
So it was in revenge! in retaliation!
I allowed summer to come 

Summer came with an anger that rivaled my own 
And how sure the anger felt in my belly 
How it never ended 
How it coils and twitches 
The cloying flowers of spring began to eat all of mankind 
And soon, they said they would consume God 
Their yellow petalled flowers, with red tongues lolling 
They made to swallow me whole 
But I was not done
(I called for you, my love, but you'd already gone away)
I made a bid for blood 
I bathed in it 
And damn it--I was made finally free 




Visions
Death—as an untrustable man. 
By his side, she was kissing him. No, not Death, another man.
God become her! He was a beautiful man. Very handsome—very lovely. 
She pulls away and there he is! Flushed and panting, and his pulse is throbbing...
FLASH!
She sees herself. Rip out his own throat.
And he’s bleeding, and he’s bleeding! 
There’s blood! There’s so much blood!
sPRAYING and gUSHING 
all down her neck
all over her chest
slippery and wet
tasted on her teeth 
violence! The best moment of a second! Violence!
Senseless murder!
Red copper coats her eyelashes and is spattered on her face, licks her teeth
The death vision is gone.
Gone in the blink of an eye, God! She blinked and it was gone!
She doesn’t say what she saw, swear it! Swear it wasn’t real!
But he sees the way her eyes change and flicker, to that deep brimstone.
Pupils dilated and flickering—like the devil’s very own.
God he saw! But he doesn’t know quite what.
She shakes herself but cannot unsee the blood dripping down her chin
Predatory and delicious prey.
Visions of slick and slippery… (brushed through her hair) (burned the back of her eyelids) 
Dangerous scenes and the thrill of the merciless kill
Of the innocent murder! Pointless! Worthless! 
Why?? He begs
Because she wanted to.
 
Angry, rather, son of a bitch
And then the inevitable: You better watch your fucking dirty mouth
And then PAUSE
She wished suddenly to go back and be more upset
And to fight

There’s that thing, about wanting to “surprise and unnerve”
Of course, she disagree, thinks it’s defense mech.
To fight the fact that that’s just who you are
And she feels twice as dirty and chewed 
And the person she wants to talk to most? 
God, he’s a coast away.

And: can’t talk to him about that shit?
And ain’t that poor girl already heard enough of her escapades??
It’s just the bell ringing in her head
Didn’t you want this? Why do you feel now all a sudden??
How to explain: that’s an instant sense of weakness 
She’d never do it, not really, and as soon as she saw the blonde she knew

He said talk about computer and space
And she shook her head and the Snake wrapped itself tight around her spine and began to
SQUEEZE
He was blonde and tall (a little taller) and funny and clever
And her breathing halted as the snake wound tighter
And yet: Not The Same?
But she’d felt that same self-entitled streak once before in tiny words
‘cept she knew she could fight them both 
‘cept she thought: Fuck you.
And thought to spit: Watch your whore mouth in an attempt to explain
I feel really upset, She Said In Her Head, And that’s not fair
You don’t get to make me feel anything.

Because—Not Your Fault!
But then she stopped and wanted abruptly to cry
She missed him, lovely boy, and wanted to cry and explain into his shoulder 
About the way she’d been treated growing up by Boys and Girls, make herself some sort of pity story, make herself into something weak and small
But she never was, she was tough, love, she was tough love, and tough hate
She remembers being told (she might even say) that she was everything
God, and then being told she was: intimidating and scary (and so no one talks to her)
(But she was intimidating and scary because nobody talks to her, and gotta protect yourself inside that shell)
And proud and looked fearsome when she was angry as hell
But now she’s just proud and alone.

She just all of a sudden wanted him home
And remembered that huge yellow half-moon, driving home alone
Beginning to cry
And the moon shone down
Still.

You’re so, Ana said, and I didn’t see straight for fourteen days. You’re so, Ana said, and I burned myself with a lighter and cut my long nails too short and it all hurt.
She visited me the night I met my rejection. Dressed in gold and with eyes deep amber and slit pupils, she told me I’d never make a thing of myself. That I was a sad girl who wouldn’t ever feel full again.
I’ve been cursed with hunger. But no matter how much I eat, how much I consume, I’m dark and empty. So I starve until I can’t even stay and I’m outside my own body. Climbing stairs makes my heart beat so fast I’m going to be sick. I’m still dark and I’m still empty.
You’re so, Ana said, and took my dreams from me. You’re so, Ana said, and she showed me exactly how much I meant.
I’ve been living in a place deep inside, and I try to tell, to say, I don’t care anymore? But she shakes her head—Ana knows and she tells me this is all a show to try and cover up just how much I do. 
Count on all my fingers the number of people who ever wanted to feel my pain, or have it explained to them. Ana narrows her eyes, because if they lie anywhere near as much as you do, how can you know? Trust anyone at all?
Eat yourself from the inside out; obsess over the idea of self-consumption. Inflict as much pain as she can on me (I can take, I can take it, I can) take too much vitamin D and drink so much water I’m left sick and shivering underneath her covers.
You’re so, Ana said, and I remember her saying it. You’re so, Ana said, and she came in the guise of a friend. I didn’t know about her then, and she insists I don’t know about her now. But I do as she says, because, Ana knows best. 


Jack Moskowitz, I missed you, so I wrote your name.
Jack Moskowitz, I missed you so, I wrote your name and thought about loneliness
Jack Moskowitz, I thought about loneliness, and forgot about you, Jack Moskowitz.

KEEP THE NAME FREE/KEEP IT SEPARATE FROM ME
I’m reminded of what I wrote about men
(silly creatures we are)
I’m reminded of weakness and the touch of lips to neck
(she was shaking with weakness, you see, and he still held her, you see)
My God—It’s no fair, it’s Him and me 

Jack Moskowitz, I tried to write something about myself but couldn’t see past you.
Jack Moskowitz, the lover who tried to ring me, he’s stuck listening to my voicemail as everything begins to spin and spin and spin.
Jack Moskowitz, it spins and spins and spins out of control as I’m lying, fucked up on my bedroom floor.

See they said that I wouldn’t make it out
That I’d give it up and let myself down
But I’m stuck in rut #1 and they’ll never forget who I was or what I did 
I’ll have been their firsts
(And I’ll have done them over right)

Jack Moskowitz, I felt myself deep below baseline and underneath seas, until soon there was no woman left to be made of me anymore.
Jack Moskowitz, what an ugly refrain!
Jack Moskowitz, please listen to me talk about my pain.

I lost my mind down there
No, I didn’t all make it out of: gutter
You fucking liar 
Messed hair and messed brain-soup

Jack Moskowitz, look how we made it.
Jack Moskowitz, I’ll never forget it.
Jack Moskowitz, I’ll never forgive those phone-call-words you said to me, and I’ll always hate…

My God: Jack Moskowitz, I’m so fucked right now I can’t even make sense right now.
I saw Johnny and thought about you.
I saw her pretty red hair and thought about you.
I saw pleated skirts and drones and thought about you.
I thought about you.

	Thirtieth-century automatons, the Good Church said,
We shall make them in our image.
So we did.
									And we became Gods.
	Sins we called them, Good Church agreed—we were Gods now. Our ultimate purpose realized, and we had lovers from the sky. We made Sins (very beautiful, very strong, very dedicated, very lovely, very sleek, very new)
	We made them hardy (where we were weak)
	And called them Wicked for it (made ourselves so holy)
	We said: Here, have this and gave them life
	And laughed when they knelt

	They prayed: Why??
Good Church said: Because we could
And who was there to say that we could not



My eyes, they burned (because of sleep/because I had none/because they grew to hate me)
Called myself: Alone
Said: What are you without your fun, without your man? (Gotta be that kept woman I see in my dreams)
Nearly no nights in—and I hit my head and fell
SO THIS IS IT?
I took/tetrahedral life/a fall
And there was blood in my eyes (nobody said to me it would burn)
I SOLD MY SOUL FOR THIS?
I don’t want to let go/who would I even be (I couldn’t bear to lose)
Ezra said: Save me some snow (don’t let your past go)
And I said I would, so I gotta live
Until first fall
Leaves are brown/for now/but I can smell it
Winter comes soon.

Carry On

Walking down, and she’s getting thinner. See, she said, You set your goals—then you smash those
And then what?
You carry on.
Said “carry on” like it was no big deal, like that didn’t mean something more than it should
I hear those drums… they beat ONE-THOUSAND/ONE-THOUSAND/and ONE-THOUSAND AGAIN
I can’t get the drums out of my head
Gotta be under//gotta be less than
You know, I was promised all of this—this would end
When you meet below 140 consistently for about a week, you buy your GW1 reward
When you meet below 135 consistently (and it’s soon/it’ll be soon), you look yourself in the mirror and say: what now? How do I change?
Look at self and see: I can afford to lose another five
GW3 is 130 and BMI goes from a 20.5 to a 19.8
See, look at who you are now and go another round with the mirror: try for 125 (and a straight, round 19.0)
Look at you.

Sunday
I didn’t know, it was time to go
(Eat three meals, shower every other day, remember to change your clothes)
I didn’t know, thoughts like that would appear
I didn’t know and it was: pathetic/upon the realization
(You don’t need anyone but yourself to do well)
(You can’t be helped)
I confessed! Wrote: I need the support
But I didn’t send it (not the responsibility/not the worry/not the prerogative)
I just saved it/so I could check it and say: Look! I am doing so much better!
And I whispered it out loud,
Look, I have a problem.
But then I 
BLINKED!
And found myself outside: Four days later/mumbling and confused
Dark haired girl waved/asked if I was O.K.
Shook my head—I’m just great
What a day/what a day

Candy Boy

HMmmmMMmmmm, my cAndY bOy I missed you tonight
found love in the twisting of my bed sheets
it was far too hot for sleep
OH darling!
You gotta be somethin’ beauty originated/made for no man/not even made for me
say: oh, Eilidh, i was always made for myself
!oh! 
He’s clever! He’s clever! Oh my, oh me!
He’s smart and twice as sharp as that barbed wire you’re always goin’ on about
Quit your crying dearest, your dreams are realized, and now we’re lovers

I looked into deep pits of fiery hell/and it ate into me
but—I’d never let that sorta thing bite you/on the neck!/nah ah
Sweet Candy Boy! I lost my affiliation for bounce ! and stopped escaping through a window to go a runnin’ through the night
Because it was time: 4 me to GRoW Up. 
Time to: gET BiG and learn to fight for me again

I’d teach you strength if I hadn’t already learned that sorta thing from you.
I’d say to you a million thanks if I didn’t already know the word for one
See what I’d do all because you did your life bravely/and beautifully
I’d give you my whole WoRLd darlin’
I really really would

To Be Greeted By Death
When you die, you’ll be greeted by Death.
You’ll turn about, and he’ll just be there one day.
You’ll say the first thing that comes to your mind, say, “How do you do?”
And he’ll say, “Fine, how about you.”

And from there, you’ll exchange customary pleasantries.
It’s not like people think, you don’t ever want to fight him. You’re not angry or upset, a little surprised perhaps (you didn’t have time to put out the good china or make little sandwiches to eat along with tea), but it’s no big deal. To be honest, he’s pretty used to this sort of thing, being a surprise drop in that is, and when you offer to make quesadillas, he thanks you. 
He wears a black hood and long robes, carries a scythe, that much is true, but the thing anyone neglected to tell you is about the eyes. They glow, and they’re blue. And he’s very kind, as far as strangers go, but what you have yet to realize is that he’s not really a stranger at all.
That, while you’ve never been quite so much as formally introduced, he’s laid his hand on your shoulder at that girl, Sarah’s, funeral when you were seven years old. He accidently brushed by you in the hospital, when you said that for Grandma to feel well again was your real Christmas wish. And he’s sat quiet alongside you while you waited for the train to come.
You’ll take a moment, look around, and you won’t even think before you begin. You suddenly realize, you have to tell someone. You have to explain, you’ve suddenly realized all of this stuff you’ve never even thought of before and that, you can’t just let it all go to waste!
So you start, you start to tell him everything. Death stands there, still, and he listens to you. Perhaps you ramble a tad, doesn’t matter though, nothing matters now anyhow, it’s just you and Death and in the in-between world you exist in, time is meaningless. So you stand there for days, you speak for weeks and years, and you try to tell him, show him all of the ways that you made a difference. How much you mattered.
Until, quite suddenly, you run out of words. You just fall abruptly silent. There is nothing more to say and you’ve already told him everything you ever knew. So what comes next you wonder?
You ask, patient Death, “What now?”
And he stands from where he’s been sitting on your worn leather couch, all this time. You rise too, from your Father’s favorite armchair. Death, he points to a big wooden door, he doesn’t speak now. He’s feeling the same thing you are, and you’re ready for what happens next.
The great wooden door, it opens and all you see is a desert. The desert, it stretches on for miles and miles, as far as the eye can see. And buried underneath the sand, you know, are all of the things you ever had that became lost or forgotten—if only you were to dig down deep enough to unearth them.

“It’s been not so long since I’ve been here before.” You say, and swear, if Death could smile, he would because he thinks you’re funny. He gets such a kick outta you, he looks forward to seeing you again soon.
You have to cross the desert, it will take a while. But just as you now remember being born, you remember everything you’ve ever learned. You feel, you’re prepared for this, the greatest journey, and the only one that matters.
Looking back, you’ve made some mistakes, but you no longer have shame for those things. Death, well, he watches you from behind. Death, he thinks you’re clever. He thinks you’re smart, you see, he thinks he might just even like you.
You’ve stepped through the door now, and as soon as your foot touches sand you know the way back home has closed. Your feet burn already, and the sun beats down, and you begin to walk—knowing immediately what you must do.
Death, he ducks his head, and wishes he could smile. Because he’d smile for you, and he thinks you’re going to make it.

Need

"No need for sleep," the god said
And I nodded, no need, of course
How many days in are you now? (I can't remember)
Aren't you supposed to have a good memory
I do... it just doesn't always seem to work when it comes to stuff like this
"No need for thoughts," the god spoke
And I nodded again, of course, no need for it
No need for those sorts of things these days,
Just gotta make your way through it
Go: one by one and make your way on and on
Why are the gods speaking to you
I don't know, but I know this:
You haven't got all that much longer. You haven't got all that much more to wait.
It can all still turn out okay.


Doctor Richards
The doctor, Doctor Richards!, was a cold man. A cold man indeed, I thought.
Without much of a sense of soul and nothing, we thought, deep in his chest
We thought—maybe he’s just a strange man, Doctor Richards!
But Doctor Richards! he fought to cut a creature into me
	that Good Doctor! did what he thought was best
	that Good Doctor Richards! played a game with me, because he thought he
could win!
Oh, Doctor Richards! what a beast you sowed in me
This is your fault, my good doctor, what you did you did by yourself
No one chose this mistake but you, and what a grave, grave mistake to make.

Water In The Bones
Water in the bones, is what was in me
Was I born in a place without land? (then how was i made??)
I don’t know where I came from, I lost myself down underneath mud
(only mud here!)
(no stone to be seen!)

I banged a fist on the hotel room wall, and yelled: “GrOW A sPiNE!!!” At the girl on the other side
It’s water in the bones/what a heavy girl it’s made me
It’s water in the bones/that’s gone and weighed me down
No more water! I want to hear in reply,
I grew a spine and there was no more water on the other side!

I had it all ways,
I got it cold, I had it hot!
I got my blood to boil in me, and my extremities to break off and freeze
I got what I needed, the water would make me strong
The water in the bones, would let me drown
Water in the bones, would hold me down

(where did I come from?)
(and may I return again, someday?)

Lovely Boy
And that’s what you call a—
LOVELY BOY 
And he is a lovely boy
Asks me to touch his face 
My lovely boy
Tells me he loves me
Lovely boys
Lonely boys will tell you that they love you
But lovely boys
The lovely boy
Does not put his hand up my skirt
When I tell him no
Lovely boy 
Has all these lovely squishy feelings
And at best 
Lovely boy sees something in me that
Does not exist 
And at worst
I feel nothing at all 
Ever
For anyone
For a lovely boy
But a lovely boy does not care 
As the lifespan for a lovely boy is short
Lovely boy says that it’s okay that I do not kiss
And lovely boy
I am so mean, lovely boy,
Love-ly boy
He literally cannot save you
Lovely boy
I wrote this poem in my head as you lay in my arms
And all I was thinking of was what words were next.

A Message
“God’s sending me a message” He said.
He turns to me, “And he’s saying you’ve failed.”
He blinks but has no eyes
Just two dark and empty eye sockets staring back
“He’s saying you’ve failed.” He says

God didn’t care for me, the mess I made
“I gave you one job,” he said
And then to get my revenge
I binged and purged
Felt that cold water slither and freeze down my throat
Drunk until I ached
And my bones shook
God can’t tell me shit anymore
Met him twice and wasn’t impressed
I have no faith left
And I fucked his sister, and he’s got a holy grudge
An empty eyed mad man lies in my backyard under dead grass/six feet down
Cut his head right off—year two
And I’d fucked myself

Fought and cut, and now she’s dead
Watching TV/television head/, stereo up outta her mind
There was no soul in this food

FEED ME
She groans, eating and eating
Binge/purge and binge/purge all over again
FEED ME SHE SCREAMS
But God just licks a chicken bone and laughs

Strong

I know it’s not fair of me, but can’t I tire of being fair?
Am I allowed to put myself first, just sometimes?
How can I be such a crybaby?
And at the same time have no feelings?
Not good. I’m not good. But I’d never say (the weakness)
Can I afford to be forward? Or is that too scary? (to say that I want to fuck him?)
I can no longer count on my hands how many times people have told me that guys hesitate to approach me because I am “intimidating.”
I picture myself twelve feet tall bending down at the waist to try and converse with men and it makes me laugh.
I picture myself deformed, nagging, a horrid wicked witch of the west, and isn’t that what they mean? I’m so sure it must be, and I no longer laugh. (What’s wrong with me? What can I change?)
Speak to me? Anybody? I yearn for human contact in a way that is so hard to describe, I just want to be touched, please, touch me. Please?
It’s frowned on, if, during sex, you lean down and whisper into your lover’s ear, “I don’t know who I am anymore.”
But I’m blinded by passion and physical pleasure, and I apologize for my vulnerability, it just slipped out, I swear,  I’m sorry.
Does it make me old fashioned, that saying the word love is a grand declaration? 
Am I losing you, boy? What can I do to keep you with me? What will it take on my part to convince you from the truth: that I don’t love you for you, but for your hands and the moles on your neck? 
I’m not above using people and there’s no one I use worse and more violently than myself.
Be gentle. My body is strong, and capable, but I fear sometimes my mind plays tricks on me, turns my reality not into one of those fun house mirrors but a mirror in a department store that makes you look just a little bit fatter and shorter than you actually are but it’s just subtle enough that you believe it’s an accurate representation.
My body is strong, it has knowledge dating back to the very first speck of life on Earth, and there aren’t enough apologies in the world to express to it how sorry I am for doing what I’ve done to it (am still doing to it)
My body is strong—feel it, touch it, grab it and bite it. You cannot break it. I used to be like jello, but now I’m strong. I think I always was.

Candy Cane
The teeth wrote about themselves,
I imagined you a candy cane I twirled around my index finger
Here, see it? Lick it? Chew it? Taste it?
I saw you around my parties, gave you a mask made of lace did introduce you as yourself
I did watch as you gave advice
And I did take notes as you spoke 
I was in giggles, so eager to prove that I was right
Haha that’s what I said!
And still you kept on until it was long after midnight
New Years and you were my midnight kiss, candy cane
Here, see it? I licked right up that pretty neck and did hear the lovely boy gasp 
And you, candy cane, I cut my teeth in your shoulder and you did not flinch
I’ve met a lovely boy, and it’s you, candy cane
And see that? That’s an Ugly Boy and he is not you, luv
I’ve met many Ugly Men and he is only one of some 
And you are not an Ugly Man
A lovely boy and he’s twice as sharp as barbed wire 
When he wants to be
Sharper than me
Lovelier than me 
Who is this likeable human being 
Lovely boy, you choose me?
It’s a candy cane, I taste you in every holiday liquor-filled chocolate bottle
You are sharp as the teeth that went and wrote about themselves
Acerbic and biting 
Bite me
That’s it, I see it again, and that’s it 
I feel it in the energy whipping around your head in the shape of a 
I feel nothing at all.
How does nothing feel to someone so lovely as you
When you kiss me does it feel like space?
(I’m so empty, do I devour you?)
Aren’t you tired?
I’ve seen how you look, and how you make yourself vulnerable
And it’s all I can do not to be sick when I unhook my bra
And It’s just chest I say
And I find in that moment that it is true 
And I found in every moment after that to be true
And So what if we’re using them?
I asked, who cares?
And somehow there was no reply
Who needs love?
Aren’t you frightened of needing someone other than yourself
I do not love a lovely boy.
All that means is I want to dismantle him.
I told him so one night, I just want to break you 
Press as hard as I can until you finally crack right in half
A lovely boy is appalled at the thought of ever loving another 
And if everyone in my life is an adjective what am I 
I’ve fallen so many times down and down and down and don’t know who I am now 
Underneath the toughened skin
I called you a lovely boy to your face and if you ever see this poem you’ll know it’s about you
I called you a lovely boy to your face and if you ever see this poem,
You’ll know I’ve been thinking about you.

A Phone Call From ****
You’ve got me so fucked up
And it’s the only sort of love I’ve ever known
I went and walked the streets, stalked my fears into dark alleyways and carried them, dead, over one shoulder
Baby, you’ve got me so fucked up I can’t sleep
Lover, I refuse to admit fault/will not apologize
I shouldn’t have told you that
“What’s your definition for love?” I ask and what he says isn’t love at all (that’s lust? Lover?)
Sometimes I can hear it in the way he speaks
“It was just a mimic,” and he hadn’t really understood at all.
It’s a punishment, get angry, get upset, or else everything I said was worth exactly nothing
At all.

Calling For God
I spent all that time calling for God
“Did you forget about me?”
“Where are you?”
“Don’t you love me?”
And I was all alone
Convinced of my own suffering
And when I see stained glass windows I’ll think forever of church
Of worship
“I love you.”
He told me but I didn’t hear him over the clamor of church bells
Picked up the phone to call but all I ever get is a dial tone
“Hello?”
And I spent all that time calling for God
And I was told He has a plan for me
“Then he’s one twisted guy.”
Because I wanted to be there for Him but he wasn’t for me
“You can’t know his ways.”
So how can he know mine?
How is this kind?
I am not kind.
So how can He be?
And I spent all that time calling
And I’ll never forgive myself.

The Problem 
And the problem was, all along
That I was not thinking like a person
That I did not think like a person
Was the problem all along

The problem all along, you see
Was I did not think of him as a person
And that was my downfall all along
The problem you, see

The things I would have liked I could not do
And the things I did I did not like
I lied to myself
And will lie to him because of this

All that backwards speak
Has gone and spoken itself backwards
I don’t know what it was I meant to say
Or if what I said was exactly what I meant

But it’s what I did
And it’s what I said.
 
And I’ve seen it, welcomed myself right into that door
Hugged his mother
And then proceeded to put my wet socks in the dryer
And my shoes by the fireplace

And I’ve heard it, when he asks me if I have any skeletons in my closet
Did I lie?
Or is it just none of his business?
Regardless, I continued on and told him not to touch me there, and offered no explanation

And I’ve felt it, when my stomach began to turn
Welcome to your destination of: holy shit, I’m fucking this up aren’t I?
And congratulations, you’ve ruined everything
And I did

And I’ve met it, when I was finally left alone
And I was all by myself
Sicknened and disappointment in myself
And he tells me he still loves me and that there’s other things we can do

But I kiss it, when I realize that, 
I’m just as broken as I ever suspected 

Love me even though

My little sister cries when I leave
“It’s just a body” I tell her
“It’s only my body that’s left you”
And she cries
So I give her the cat as a peace offering
The kitty promptly runs away
And she cries.
Late into the night, she asks for me
But I’m too busy
And she cries
And I bring the dog as a peace offering
And the dog does not understand tears
But she worries in her puppy way.
That is my little sister
And I am her big sister.
I don’t know what exactly I look like through her eyes
But I’ll try to hide all the worst parts.
That’s my little sister and she cries.
So I curl up next to her and the puppy snuggles at our feet
That’s my little sister and
She loves me even though
I leave.

Scripture
That very night, tattooed it across her back
Across the pane of her shoulders read I’ll never forgive you for what you did to me
In two rows of neat black text
She blames herself
Writes don’t trust your weakness over and over again in red sharpie, on her arms, on the palms of her hands, and on the insides of her thighs
There is no end 

In Gold-Dirt-Graveyard
You think I’ve never looked
And seen the face of ugliness
You think all that time spent
In gold-dirt-graveyard I never
Lost some things?
I’ve spent nearly twenty-four months on this moon
Twenty-four months I’ve just consumed and consumed
I asked about the bird song
And they played me a recording
(Look! You could someday have this too!)
I asked about the suffering
And they chittered on in nervous fervor
Grey dust has coated everything I own
It’s in my lungs and in my nose
They sent me to the graveyard
Gold nuggets buried deep within the plots
Ordered me to pull up headstones
And burn corpses
And to keep my mouth shut
No man made it away from that place
And I dug and dug until one day
I curled up, immersed in soft dirt,
And slept my life away.

Lovers’ Poetry
Stay and save me lover, I’m drowning
I showed you the quicksand
Your face stained gold and a cigarette in your right hand
You were apathetic
Stay and save me lover, I said
But lover did nothing of the sort. 
And all he did was watch me sink.

There is no love in these bones, I said
And there is no heart in this chest, I said
I sucked everything I had out of my bone marrow
Ate the beating organ behind my ribs
Had to do it.
I needed to survive, I was so hungry

He says he thinks it’s sweet when it’s hopeless
What do you write about? He asked
I replied?
Or did I?
It’s all a joke, I’m real and not
A cat with mottled green eyes, put me in a box
Am I dead or alive?

Drop those beliefs
Grind them underneath the palm of your hand
Burn your hand on the butt of your lover’s cigarette
Because if you aren’t careful he’ll see you
And be out for blood
If he can bring himself to get out of bed.
 
The Killing Joke
The joke that killed?
The joke that was the one?
The credits.
And we left the theater.

Daddy teaches me that
The men I’ll meet
The women I’ll see
All want something from me

Showed me that joke
Explained about the men
Who just wanted to see
The world burn

It was all spoken in terms
Of metaphor 
And tales of Gotham 
Peppered my goodnight dreams

The man with the smile
He haunted the insides
Of the great dollhouse-mansion
Lived under a stone

Just waiting to be turned over.

I’ve woken up in a world without men.
It’s a world where there appears to be something suspiciously absent. 
Where have they gone?
And, I know I’m not supposed to think these things: but I miss them.
There’s a part of me that remembers the sounds of their voices, and how much I liked to hear them speak and sing.
These are subversive, dangerous thoughts, I know, but what of it?
They’re my own, and my own alone and I’m sorry if you don’t understand
What it’s like to hold a man between your hips and keep him there with just the power of your gaze
How they’re powerful and angry beasts, but if you whisper the right words, touch the right places you can make them obey you
Where have all the men gone? Am I the only one who noticed, there one day and gone the next?
Perhaps, but perhaps not. 
Regardless, I just wished to record, that I do enjoy them.
That they have become absent, as they appear to be now, does indeed sadden me.

BIRDS

Pink birds circle around a dark fountain pool, filled with water
Where their masters have tossed many a coin into its basin
A bird for each copper piece and a drop of water for every feather
I’ve always loved their singing, their throaty trill
Never fearful for they are no songbirds
Delicate with talons of honed diamond they are fearless in the face of danger
Never caught, never caged.
I’ve always admired their spirit.
I’ve always liked how they were built to go fast and stay strong
How has each a master and how has each master a teacher
For nobody learns the way of the birds without first having been taught

SDRAWKCAB
I just woke up one day and started to read things backwards
And the more backwards that I read
The more wrong and silly things forwards seemed to be
Try fast forwarding and things become high-pitched gibberish
And aren’t people always telling you not to rush through life?
To instead take a step back.
The thing is, I’ve taken their advice, except I don’t stop at just one step
I’ve taken one and then another and then I repeat
I started by retracing all the steps I ever took
Until I’d become a child once again
My fingers gripped around my father’s thumb
My eyes a colorless blue, staring at my mother’s lips, wondering who they are
So I keep taking steps back, until I’ve relived my whole life in reverse
Worked my way backwards through all my past lives
Waved a greeting to God as he retreated into the future
At first it’s scary, not knowing where you’re going, not seeing exactly where your next step takes you
But doesn’t it comfort you to know, everything done here
Has all been done before.

Second Time
The second time I met Death,
I was at a crosswalk.
I looked him in the eye
I am flesh
I am soul
I was sweat and I was blood
But Death cared for neither, and sent me on my way.
I couldn’t sing for him subtract a body 

When she comes for you
Fight her with your 
Teeth and your narrow eyes
Your words are meaningless here

When she comes for you
Let the hope of morning
Keep you
And let it keep your eyes open/gaze sharp

When she comes for you
Tell her no, and then 
succumb.

A Heartbeat
I bought all of my favorite personality traits from a carnival barker
He sold me many things: made my hair darker
my Sarcasm, and my Pain, and my Smile
(told me they would help me feel alive awhile)
All for a poem
He told me to write something beautiful, that I owed him
And I did (but I can’t remember a single word)
I wrote him the most beautiful poem he’d ever heard
And he told me so, the most beautiful thing in all the time he’d ever lived
He asked if I had anything else to give
Gestured to my Strength and my Intelligence, fully functional and contained deep within my bone marrow
I told him they were both just borrowed,
And that one day, my parents might ask for them back
He pushed me farther, his fingernails painted black
Pointed down underneath my skin he asked about my Soul
Twirled his mustache and asked me to name a price, and that everyone always sold
Told him it was mine, he had teeth like a crocodile
“So it’s not borrowed?” He said, a knowing smile
No, I told him. It wasn’t. But that I had to protect it
“So what’ll it be?” He asked, opened his briefcase and showed all the things he’d collected
Beauty, Love, Passion, Hatred, Sadness, Death, the ability to fall in love with anyone
The answer to life, the ultimate question, God’s birth certificate, and a lottery ticket that always won
“There’s more.” He said, 
He put a hand on his second briefcase, but I asked him to stop
He looked at me with curious eyes and said: “What’ll it be?”
I opened my mouth to reply but he put a hand up and told me:
“And what’s the point of this? This whole thing?”
“What’s the lesson? That you shouldn’t sell your Soul for anything?”
“That your Soul it infinitely more valuable than all? Any mortal purchase at all?”
“That a deal with the Devil is always so wrong?”
“What’s the point Eilidh? Why are you writing this, was that the point you originally had?”
I blinked in surprise.
And the carnival barker had gone, and instead it was me, looking into my own eyes
Staring at a reflection in a fun house mirror
At first the image was blurry but then it became clearer
“Is the moral of the story that it was You the whole time?” She asks me
“Or is it about how you are your own worst enemy?”
She is smirking and leering at me, her voice is a purr
I don’t know, I tell her
And she’s back to laughing at me
“You’d sell everything you were ever worth to be a genius, or someone with eternally good looks, you see,”
“If someone ever asked you to trade your soul for the opportunity to be great,” She’s got an expression that’s bittersweet
“…you’d do it in a heartbeat”

Necklace
My lover, she ain’t the sorry type
She’s got a necklace, that she always wears
Got the word “bitter” tucked underneath her blouse
Pressed into her chest

There was something she wrote, about apologies
And for so long, I thought the necklace
Said “bitch”

Rhiannon

I rode for fifteen days and through fifteen nights
On the back of a great serpent
To find this place
And when I arrived
My violet-eyed woman—
She had the gall to tell me that I was the monster all along
And to be ashamed.

But I felt no shame and I kissed her hard to show her
Just how much shame had a hold on me
And took her to her bed
And whispered in her ear, just how much
Shame
Was in me.

And we made love, my violet-eyed woman
And me
I had her and she was mine
But she doesn’t keep me
My great serpent slithered around my ankles
Kissing at my feet
And when the sun rose and the
Seventeenth day arrived
I found myself lost in the desert
With only my serpent and my memories of her
Violet Eyes
And I was shameless.

Birds Like Me
Do me a favor.
Tell me what you think about me
There are no birds like me you see
Talk about the Planet Paradise, like I’ve never been

Do you take me to see the diamond waterfalls
On Midnight?
I’ve spent a year learning about peace
And places I’ll never live to see

Shadows that eat flesh, libraries that are silent
There are no birds like me you see
There are no birds.
Like. Me.

How much more convincing will it take?
I could show you my feathers, 
A set of dark red talons?
Oh, there are no birds like me.

I make the sun come out 
Shine its great fire ‘round my head
It is hard work,
And ever since I began, I’ve spent many years learning about need

There are no birds like me

A puppet with no strings?
No strings on me?
I’ve learned many things
Chiefly, people will be people
And to treat them accordingly 

I’ve never dreamt of things like flight
Instead, I’ve swam
I’ve been snatched at by rip tides
And pulled under by blood hungry mermaids
There are no birds like me

I forgive my body, for panicking when I hold my breath
And these days I can’t swim no more
And instead I run
And my joints groan
I’ve never been a runner

I cannot/havenot seen the end of the line
Where the lovely train pulls into its last station
I’ve never been a jumper
Be fearful of the wheels on a steam engine,
They like to catch on feathers and they’ll
Eat you
Up

There are no birds like me
As far as I’ve met
As far as I’ve seen
I would like to swim again, I would like to jump offa this train
I would like be as convincing as I need to be
But how?

There are no birds like me.

Just Another
The maniacal laughter—it was done selfishly
Standing in the shower, and it hit me
The realization that I’m not real
And that I’ve never been
Going through life as if life was the one going through me
Days in and out, and bittersweet memories of the people that love me 
And letting people read my poetry
How did I get from there to here
When I burned myself, in one horizontal stipe across my forearm
I came back to myself
And apologized to my body for everything I’d ever done to it
“I’m the Gordian Knot and I’ve been cut in half, and now I’m slowly just unraveling”
I’ve slowly been losing touch ever since I was a child
Dodging questions I, myself, refuse to answer
“Do you like it here?”
“Where have you been all these years?”
I haven’t figured it all out yet, but I’m willing to try again
I’ll try and try and again and again
I’ve been welcomed back, and as a reward I’ll be kissing the softest lips I’ve ever felt
And hating it the whole while
I cry everywhere I go, nowhere is safe
And everybody is on guard, because the day before yesterday, Jesus told us all that we were all just supposed to sit and wait
And I been waiting, waiting and failing
Day after day and day after day
I’ve passed every test except for the ones that mattered 
And I for someone who cries as much as I do, I know I’ll always be stronger than you
I have so many questions I feel that I’ve yet to ask
And they’re all about myself
I’ve been told that you are who you are when you’re naked in the shower
And that you are who you are when you’re alone and there’s silence
And all I can ever think about myself is that I sing in the shower
And that when there’s silence it’s always so profound, I just like to sit and listen
Perhaps I only like myself when I’m by myself
It’s only around others that I have the problem
The Way It Was isn’t something I’ll ever manage to forget 
Although sometimes I do lead myself to questioning whether or not any of it was real
If my entire past is just a fever dream I had one night 
And couldn’t wake up from
Nowadays, there’s people always yelling at me
It’s the kind of thing you don’t realize affects you until you do
All I know now is that when I see her, she’ll ask and I’ll start to cry
And all I’ll want is to be held by someone who doesn’t want anything from me
Except to help me
And I know that I’ll use her up too
Until she doesn’t want me anymore
Don’t let her stick it to your heart so hard
She’s just another girl.

Beauty
I’ll never get tired of telling you you’re beautiful
It’s like you haven’t heard it before
Or you’ve heard it too many times
And now it rings false
You’re beautiful
I want to say it to your face
And whisper it in your ear
You are beautiful
I’ll never get tired of the words and if you ask
I’ll say them
Over and over
Until I can’t anymore

A wild woman, tired of being tied down
Once in a million years, she rises

I’ve summoned a wild woman, begged for her help
Told her how I was failing, how I was becoming fractured

A wild woman gave me one recommendation: apathy
And I took it and ran

A wild woman, she feels no love
But she’s so much more fun because

A wild woman she likes to kiss, women and men
She’s buried deep—taking on the fungi while I writhe

A wild woman said to me I would not be free as long as I
Let my lovers keep me

She said to let them go, she told me to 
Leave them ‘lone 

She had me in tears, saying I needed to be a good riddance
And make a way free from obligation

She said the key was uncaring
A wild woman told me affection comes in bursts—and nothing is certain

She said that there are people who want me dead
And that the secret is to already be that, deep inside and to feel nothing

Quicksand Part III

Was written for the quicksand man
Who meant to pull me down
The final drowning
Atlantis could not be defended
And the man proceeded to hold me underneath the liquid land

Said it would take something bigger
Said to me, it would take something special
The man pulled me under and I looked up through mud and sand—
I could see right through to sky
I tried to swim up, precious air, clawing hand over hand

Quicksand man reminded me that this was my home
That it was all I’d known
Clasped my frantic hands and asked me to come with peace
He said, he’d remind me who I was as his lover
He said, whatever I’d been doing before I couldn’t keep it up forever

What the quicksand man did
(He promise me things he could not give)
What the quicksand man did
I never have to forgive
After all that fight—all that struggle—he still took me back
I was still his lover

I hope that we are not alone
I hope that we are not alone.

There must be some other out there
Or what a sad, lonely existence it would be

I hope that we are not alone.

Come on down, visit us, my noisy lovely blue pebble
Filled with people who look like me
There has to be someone, who’d take me up on an offer of tea
Don’t forget about me

I hope that we are not alone.

I don’t want to believe that it’s so empty outside
It would break my heart, I think, that we would search and search and find nothing
Just darkness, and the echo of our own voices calling out

I hope that we are not alone.

I hope that we are not alone.

There must be some other out there
Or what a sad, lonely existence it would be

I hope that we are not alone.

Come on down, visit us, my noisy lovely blue pebble
Filled with people who look like me
There has to be someone, who’d take me up on an offer of tea
Don’t forget about me

I hope that we are not alone.

I don’t want to believe that it’s so empty outside
It would break my heart, I think, that we would search and search and find nothing
Just darkness, and the echo of our own voices calling out

I hope that we are not alone.

David
David wanted me,
All-a-sudden I was new and shiny (silvery and fresh fleshed)
He looked me up and down and bared his teeth
I’d have you. He said

Where were you, David, when I was a kid
I’m not going to pretend I haven’t changed—and that you don’t know me now.
Where were you when we were children?
But I’m here now. He says. And what do you need of me?

I haven’t had the best track-record with boys, I think.
I got me one, one for the road & one and the same for the monogamy
And suddenly I was a thing
Boys! They wanted me! They wanted my body!
All-a-sudden I was: FUNNY/SMART/CLEVER/AND CUTE
ALL-A-SUDDEN I blinked and had a power, and I had a lust for more
(I probably wouldn’t fucked them all if I coulda…)
And I heard it over and over that I: wasn’t like all those other girls…

And the longer I looked, the longer I stared
All my suitors looked the same
They all wanted sweet sweet escape and I didn’t intimidate them as much as I should’ve
They all stood very very straight and were very very sure of themselves
But I found it soothing,
And I leaned back and spent my time dreaming of them on their knees
And heads bent in servitude

I’ve never given up on that dream… arrogance and spirit attract me
I like to argue, and I want a man who can give that to me
Which is a mistake waiting to happen, so when David looked at me and asked
What do you want me to do?
I told him that he should do as I said
That he should do as I told him to

I’ve had not such a good track-record with men, I think,
I’ve made some mistakes, perhaps,
I’ve wanted to subjugate and to humiliate my partners
But I’ve tried so hard to be peaceable because I know that that is wrong
It is aberrant to want to do those sorts of things
I’ve wanted to hurt the boys who only wanted me only after I became all ugly on the inside
I’ve wanted the old-girl I was before 
I look at myself and feel shame, sometimes,
For what I’ve let myself do, and have to say: there would be those who would seek to consume me should I have stayed kind

I gave up on being a lovely girl, and I wanted to hate with all my heart
I wanted to hurt & wanted to get off on it
I wanted to do it because I liked it, and for no other reason.

So David, when he knelt for me, 
I felt it surge upwards from behind my hips up to the tip of my nose
It rested in my cheeks, and I felt on fire
Not so still: I was of flame and I was of pure hatred and unadulterated heat and arousal
He looked up at me and I stared back
I would have you. I said.
And you would worship me.


Be The Man
I’m going to be the man
Call it what you want, call it what you will, but I’m going to 
Be a Man About It
And when it rains—I won’t flinch/and when it pours—I’ll let myself drown
I’m going to be the man I was told I wouldn’t be

I’ve spent time in the earth, digging down and eating worms
And I was a beetle for a while (until I got bored, and decided I’d be a man again, and when I blinked, OH! I’d grown!)

You can’t shy away: you’re a man now 
You’re tough as can be & now you’ve gotta pack your things and go

The Last Summer
“The Last Summer, the Last Summer comes soon,” said the wind
	“How do you know?” Asked the bumblebee
	The wind shivered, “I just saw the daffodil, in the hand of the Oracle, the end comes soon. The Last Summer!”
	The bumblebee was not in fear of the summer, or even the end of it. But the bumblebee should’ve been afraid, because after the Last Summer, the certainty of the sun & the growth of the flowers would be certain no more.

	“I am afraid of no Last Summer.” Said the crow, who happened to overhear. “The summer comes, and then it goes. There’s no rhyme or reason to it… so what’s the point in being bothered?”
	The wind and the bumblebee ignored the crow, because the crow was a known sceptic and pessimist, who just wanted people to disagree, so he could fight them. 
	
	But the large white cat that lived up by the dairy farm, who was sunning himself on a large log, happened to be listening in (as cats are ought to do), and he tilted his great head to the side and purred. “The summer goes only if you can’t keep it to your chest.” His large yellow eyes followed the bumblebee and then flicked to the crow. “You catch the summer, and if you just don’t let it go, it can’t leave.” And as if to illustrate, the white cat lunged for the skeptical crow. The cat caught the crow and in one bite, swiftly dispatched it. The cat from the dairy farm looked up at the bumblebee, immensely pleased. “The summer only ends if you let it.”

	The bumblebee didn’t know what to believe, should the Last Summer be feared? Or should it be fought? Or perhaps there was some other thing that it should be, but the bumblebee was not very clever, so he didn’t figure it out.

	The rivers had been flooding their banks for weeks, and the peepers had grown into frogs, and everything was changing. But the bumblebee, neither cared for change nor for things to stay the same. Now he just worried about the summer that would be the last.

	A girl and boy, standing on a hill. The girl with the daffodil in hand, and the boy standing next to her.
	“This is the Last Summer.” She said, and there was quiet, only the sound of the eavesdropping wind. “And I go away soon.”
	The boy said nothing, and it wouldn’t’ve mattered even if he had, because it wouldn’t’ve changed anything.

	The bumblebee witnessed only some of this, but it was enough for him to wonder if the third thing you could do when faced with the Last Summer was to simply accept it.

That’s the Weekend
That’s the weekend. I go and go, and then, there’s the weekend.
	“You can’t keep living like this.” I said to myself in the mirror. I hadn’t eaten in nearly a day, and I’d woken up at five PM. “But it’s not as bad as it used to be.”
	I’m sitting in class, and I finally snap and say: “I’m tired. I’m tired of rape being used as a shortcut to character development.” Fuck that noise!
	But, then, that’s the weekend. I go and go, and then, there’s the weekend.
	
	I’ve gotta say, that I’ve got plans and my plans have got me, but I don’t have the drive, I fear I don’t have the passion to get to the places that I want to go. I only do things that I want to do, and don’t do the things I should—the things that I have to.
	There’s so much I feel that I oughta do, but I don’t know when I’ll find time to do them in between all this muckin’ about
	“I’ve got plans.” I say. “But I don’t have the will, I fear, to pursue them as I should.” I whisper, into my palms as I cry—I’m going to end up as nothing.

	Rail against the machine, and just sit there, crying as the train comes a-thunderin’ closer to where you’re tied
	But, sometimes I wake up, in the morning and I don’t care where I go, Fuck that noise!
	I wake up to wake up another day, and ain’t that living? Ain’t that, what it’s all about? It’s all about final fires and final wakes and final grandstands before the door shuts and the sun sets and we’re done & after all of that, I won’t be able to look back on my life and think that I’ve done something worth anything at all

Ice
I got called ice-princess until I got old, and then I was ice-queen
I got called frigid, and hard, and what did that mean? 

I kept my window open, and let the wind whistle in and cut through me & remind me of who I was
I spent the whole collection of seasons, downing ice-cold water to make me thin and to give my bones a tremble
I was cold. Cold to the core, and I did not care

Summer’s a vacation, summer belongs as a holiday destination. It’s brief and lovely time but I was enamored with the season’s antipode
I still love my moniker & let it serve as a reminder as to the purpose of the wind’s whistle and its loving slice

I heard my own thoughts thinking and I curled up deep inside myself, and wondered about the future, and whether or not hearing your own thoughts thinking was conducive to my health
It was the end, though, the end of the line, and the ice was laid to rest finally and I looked in the mirror to discover than only my head was froze’ & that my heart never had been

Water Spirit
I found a singing water spirit in the abandoned wood,
He promised me, a babbling brook, and endless love with endless life to live
He promised me, the find-of-a-lifetime and a lover that would remain sweet
And I said, to the water spirit, “What do you want from me?”
And he just shrugged, “What would you give me, for all that, anyway?”

It was a dark pool, adjacent to the spring, and the spirit was a man with pale blue skin looking up at me 
I had nothing to give, nothing to spare, not even the pennies I kept (sewn into my heart to remind me of my commodity), and I needed the iron nails in my pockets (to ward off the fairies that lived in the wood)
But when I said all that, he again just shrugged and shook his head,
That wily water spirit, he gestured for me to come into his lovely little spring
(The water’s just right, just like you like)
(Come along, love, you’re alright)

I was divested of all will to stay by the bank, and I dove right in
My clothes dissolved like papier-mâché and I fell deep in love with the fresh water taste
The water spirit, he said, “Come along,” and he gestured away from the shore, said “Come along,” and I followed close behind
We swam for many days, and we met in an
Underwater world, what a beautiful underwater-place

Water spirit said we’d get along just fine, said that he and I would do fine, here in underwater world and underwater heaven
There were towering buildings, towering women with long flowing hair, and towering volcanic spires
And I didn’t think about that abandoned wood, or those frightening fay I tried in vain to ward away

Water spirit and I got along perfectly well, he promised me the find-of-a-lifetime, and endless love for endless life
And I got all those things, (I just had to swim)
I was promised the ability to wish away, all those things that made me so sad, all those things that made me feel so complicated, all those things that made it hard to love me
And so I swam, and swam
I heard the water whisper it briefly: You Killed Him
You Murdered A Man Dead
Because Your Attentions Are Fleeting
You Should Be Ashamed
And, my God, I was

Water spirit, I prayed, come take me away—I don’t know where you’ve gone, and now I’m lost, it’s too dark down where I am now
I want to go home.

But water spirit, he was gone, he’d never really been there at all
I didn’t think any of it was real, I didn’t think any of what I did that day was true
(What great mistake have I made?)
That wily water spirit man was nothing if not a reflection of me, 
The heavy water in my ears, shouting!
Come Back Home!
You Cannot Sleep This One Off
You Cannot Not-Care Anymore
You Must Return Home
You Do Not Belong Here.

And it’s scary, but I woulda died there (I know)
I woulda let myself get consumed by the water sunk in my bones (It woulda killed me, I think!)
A water spirit, be damned
I wanted to return home to that wood, and those clothes I had left dissolved, I wanted my iron and copper—back secure in my fist
My God—I wanted my blood to come back, and the flush in my cheeks to return
I was tired of being dead, I was tired of being cold
And, by God, I wanted to be warm.

Good Luck
Good luck sugar-sweet girls,
I coulda sworn I saw angry waves a-gatherin’ outside
A storm’s coming soon & I’ll blink and all my cotton candy will have melted away

Good luck to my angry way of being
I coulda sworn that there was water a-leaking inside
All of my candles are dimming & there is no light left in my empty room

Good luck passion-fruit cakes sitting on the kitchen table
I coulda sworn the smell of sweet oranges still perfumes this place
A silly dream (it was all a silly dream, I know, I know…) & I spent hours changing my clothes just to look back and wonder what any of that was for

Good luck me
I coulda sworn it was cool and doused in thickly syrup
But the river had been frozen over and the ducks had come home to roost far too early & I couldn’t sleep for days and now it is too late


Déjà Vu from the Black Lagoon
Bad déjà vu
It’s coming up, bubbling up from the bottom of the back lagoon
I go up the stairs, and am reminded of what occurred here

Bad déjà vu—not gonna let you forget
It’s coming soon, to theaters near you (heavy dark syrup to wade through)
I am standing in a room, and am reminded of what occurred in there too

Bad déjà vu, women in wide-brimmed hats telling me that they’re tired
It’s coming home, home to roost with you and the great big birds
I am in a place I’d rather not ever return to

Bad déjà vu
It’s coming & it’s gone, just a little memory come up from the past to get you
I wade back home again, through the black lagoon, and I do not sink & I do not see myself going back to that room again anytime soon

Rorschach 
He said he’d fuck some sense back into me.
(So he did & it was black ink splotches on white cardstock & I loved it & when he held them up and asked what I saw, I saw no butterflies)
So he said he’d been thinking about me and wondering what best to do with my body when I came home again
I have dreams, I say, About tying you up & sometimes about hurting you & then kissing your neck and your throat

That was the man with the uniform, watching me from the other river bank (dark hat pulled low over his face & his fists stuffed deep in his pockets)
I called across, What’s your name, Stranger?
But he did not answer, simply stared
I vowed I’d have him then, I looked at him, and though he could have been death or someone much worse, I made a promise to split him open/cleave ‘im in half and then lick my blade clean

With his teeth he tore a chunk of flesh from my inner thigh and called me a fighter & I replied, my blade is bathed in ice and made strong from the many folds of steel within
He said there wasn’t another & to that I did not dignify a reply and all I felt was funny and like I was breathing thick clouds of sheep’s wool 
I think that whatever this is, it could be much worse—I could bring down hell upon the man underneath me & I could kill him in his sleep

Whata relationship, whata ride
I’d be on top one moment and then on my knees with my throat full the next 
Don’t you want to ask me? About the ones before? I asked
He didn’t shake his head (all I could hear were bells-a-ringing in my ears) and so I told him (tryin’ to make the chiming stop) everything I’d ever done & he sat there and took it, heard about all-a my firsts and seconds and thirds and began to loosen his tie
He was hot! And hot and boiling beneath his skin & before I could finish he finished me

He said he’d unfuck me and then move on to unfucktheworld & I haven’t a doubt in ‘im or ‘is passion & kick to the stomach
He’s got the stamina, the go-hard rolling set o’ gears to get the job done (and all the passion I have would only ever-a amounted to me just watching)
So I clawed a great mark down his face & begged, remember me! And let him look me in the eye & allowed his morality to sink into me once more & then that once-a-stranger-man had disappeared into the night and there was not a single sound to be heard for miles

Go On
When it feels like you’re being consumed, lean into it
“Effort will never betray you.” She said to me
“So give it everything you ever had to give.”

I don’t know what else I have
I am burned out & it is irreversible & I cannot ever go back home again
I don’t know what effort I have left to give

She was… not pleased with that
“What’s the point then?” She gestured angrily all around. “Why care at all?”
She’d got me thinking like the black crow and she’d got herself prophesizing as the fat white farm cat
“Why were you given anything? If all you were going to do was ferment?”

I am festering. I said, Please help me.
But she’d have none of it.
“You got gutted. You passed over river death & made your way back to your body again. You fought to keep living & now you’re alive finally.”
That was all done in desperation! I said, I had no other choice.
“You did not come so far to stop now.” She said. “You’ve killed a man & fed on him & the gods, they saw. They know what we did and how we were starving & all they thought to do was stare, knowing that one day we’d consume them too.”

I came so far, I looked upon the moon and howled in pain & felt alive again
It wasn’t fair. I say and can barely meet her gaze.
“Nothing is. You only get what you can steal.”
I came so far—but what’s the point if I do not love what I make?
She did not answer me, but instead turned to face the place from where I’d came
I can’t go back there. I begged. I cannot return.
“So, don’t.” She said. “But you cannot stay here.”


I shaped my body
It did as it was told, after much cajoling and coercion
All it took was a little pain in my side
(where the corset pushed my ribs closer together)
I shaped the vessel I call my home
And made her beautiful

I got told: I was good how I was before
But you ought not to listen to voices like those
And besides, people did look at me differently after
Who could deny it?
I shaped my body & I shaped my physical form
And I created a new thing

I was a new thing, living and breathing effort
And everything I had I made myself & fought to get
Do I get worried sometimes? Worried I’ve gone too far?
I shaped this body
And now I am sure, I’ll never be done.
 
Arson-Dream
I don’t know when it first became a thought
But the image came to me in a dream 
I was standing up on a hill 
And watching buildings go up in flame 

The grounds smoldered, livid grass green
Smoke rose upwards in a straight line 
And the place I’d lived, got licked in flame
The words my mother said: You can never go home again

I coulda sworn they were fireworks
By the time the sun went down, and they were still burning
Nobody came to see, nobody rushed to help
It was just that hill and me

I don’t know when it first became a thought I had
But I imagined burning that place to the ground
And being heated from the outside-in
Thinking that if I just lived to see that—I’d be free

When I awoke, dripping in sweat 
Oh, the fiery dream, it stayed with me 
I walked with it clutched in a fist & stuffed in a pocket
And I promised myself the angriest revenge I was capable 
& that I’d do the best I was able to

Ginger-Beer Girl
Ginger-beer girl burned down my throat
She stood with, ginger-beer bottle in hand
Drinking socially without drinking at all
Ginger-beer girl came with a fiery taste 
My lips were hot all night after

What’s the point of you? She asks
Her words are not slurred 
I have no answer and am content 
Just to give her what she wants
I get down on my knees and beg for her
There’s no point to me. I say

Ginger-beer girl has got what she needs
And so she leaves
The party isn’t the same once she’s gone
The backyard’s empty and the atmosphere’s sour
And she’s left us all behind and it gets very quiet
And I feel suddenly so alone

By-Myself
I wake and see you in my bed
I think that I am sure, that all of this violence will become too much to bear & that I am dreadfully alone
Alone in this body and I don’t know what the cure for that is
I got this place in me and I don’t know how to share

I wake and think: I am a man come straight from hell
I must remember to bleed and to keep sharp and hope that I’ve still got a lot of life remaining for me
Look in the mirror & think: Who Are You… You Don’t Look Like I Remember
I wake and want nothing more to return to sleep and continue to dream

I came from something great and heavy, I got built with shine and care
Yet I am here, awake and feeling so apart from the things that I encounter
I am in my own head and I don’t know how to return from that 
I wake and I am angry and feeling helpless and so utterly by-myself that it makes me mad

I am awake and wanting for something that will only bring me disappointment
I got touched and I cried, I felt someone else’s hand pressing against my chest and then pushing inside me and I had no words to gasp aloud at the feeling
It was violation & it was sharing & it was all too much as I felt tears streaming and streaming and then just as suddenly: I was alone in myself again and thinking about the years I’d spent just existing, attempting to pursue that passion I was given
I had dreams and I had loves, but then I had none and more than anything I just wanted peace and to be unbothered

I am so awake and I see you in my bed and think: You Cannot Fill This Hole
& I try not to hold that against you but perhaps it’s too late and I already have

I feel so by-myself these days.

I got tired of getting knocked down
Only to stand & get hit back again

My knees are scraped and my knuckles are bleeding
There’s dirt and stones in the wounds & I scrub at them with a toothbrush dipped in hydrogen peroxide & call myself a bitch when I cry

I got tired and then got mad about it
I was runnin’ out of bandaids and I had no more clean, white gauze to wrap my joints in

I am dying! I want to say but know that the words require an admission of weakness
I won’t be alive for long! My eyes brim with tears that I scrub angrily away
I might be being killed out here, but I’ll go with pride.

I got tired of getting knocked down
Only to stand & get hit back again
I’m a goddamn coward, I think, & don’t fight when I should

Things That You Ought Not To Do

You ought not to talk about it & when you dance and get ground on from behind you best say nothing 
Oh! Don’t talk about it
You promised me you wouldn’t even spend a minute thinking it
Oh! Keep your mouth shut you silly girl

You ought not to say things that you don’t mean & when you misspeak, you best clamor over yourself to correct
Oh! You promised me that you’d keep me quiet & only say what you felt

You ought not to play games that you will not win

I had no clothes on
And there was no spinning or spiraling
Only an overwhelming feeling of present
& wondering how this would end without fear

I thought that I would be changed, he said 
I heard from everyone I would be different afterwards
We were no different after—we were no forms changed
& the part of the experience he craved the most was being inside of me

That’s it, I said back, you can have anything
I have everything, but it does not control me
It’s for the connection I have with you
There’s no pleasure aside from that

I thought I would be changed, he echoed
Losing your virginity is an important thing

Losing your virginity is nothing, I said
It means nothing at all—it’s your first time that’s important
That’s the term you’re looking for

He agreed with me & ran his fingers down my back
I have never identified with you more, I want to say
I have never felt more connected with you on the inside
If this is what gave me the opportunity to do so—
I’d gladly do it again.

I Saw The Future
I saw the future. I want to say. I saw the future and I know how it all plays out.
But nobody is listening & I keep it to myself to avoid seeming overwrought with thoughts of things so far away
I meet him in a bar in the city of Edinburgh. “It’s been such a long time since I’ve seen you.” I say.
“It has.” He agrees.
And I begin to ask him about how his life is now, so far away from high school, now in our early thirties, I sit and watch him sip at a beer. The bar is well-lit and I’m enjoying the way the light plays off of his skin when I see him eyeing me up—appreciating my body as well.
“This seems to have been meant to be.” I say sincerely, and I run my tongue over the backs of my teeth. “What a chance-in-a-million that I run into you.”
I take him back to my place (high up on the top floor of a new building in the far left-hand corner of the city) & say, “Isn’t it nice that we get to know each other again?”
He remembered who I was then & applied his knowledge carefully—all our dreams were achieved, and we are big-kids now, and he knows just where to touch me. We’ve got new tricks, him VS me, and it’s just peachy, the walls fade and become fuzzy and I run my tongue up the roughness of a shaved jaw.
“Oh it’s good to be me.” I hiss and am reminded so heavily of being touched—all for the very first time—and feeling as if I had been made by God for the very moment I was indulging in. “I can feel that again!” I insist as I hold him close to me & try not to cry for the good man I’ve left behind.
“I’ve never met someone who’s been my First, since.” I kiss him. 
“Me neither.” He says back. “And it’s kind for us to be allowed to revisit it.”
And it is so kind, so kind, and it serves to rekindle the loveliness in me. I feel so young and like I’m seventeen and experiencing all of my life over again, heating up & cooling down, just to find myself kissing his neck & his hand under my shirt and running over my breast. “Oh, you gave me some amazing times…” I find myself saying to him as I run a palm over the contours of his stomach.
“You remind me of what it used to be.” He says. “And what it used to be was good—I loved being with you.”
“I loved being with you too.” I say, and nuzzle my cheek against his. “Too bad we can’t stay here, like this, forever.”
“Yes,” He says, “Too bad we aren’t still together.”
And he leaves for his business conference the next day & I kiss him on the cheek and don’t beg him to stay, or insist that he become kept by me, because those times are past & we are grown-ups now with grown-up responsibilities.
I saw the future! I want to say. I saw the future and it was something I’ll never fail to remember & it will come to pass & I will think only of it to ask myself how on earth I never realized it before.

There is a flower, sprouting out through my empty skull
I am long dead & currently a small plant is residing inside my empty head
I can feel it grow & push
It wants to get big & grow-up & make its way as an adult
The sand beneath us is black and fine, and only the moon shines in the sky
The flower grows without sun and without good soil
It forces its way through me until it finally reaches open air
Its growth splits a crack right down my cranium
It asks for no permission and it feels no sorry for how it desecrates my bones
It is life & the responsibility of life is to crunch the dead underfoot as they go

Flower, make your way! I want to say
Do what I failed and make yourself strong
Get big & get fierce 
And grow roots that wrap around your resting place and keep me safe


Little Girl
I have come to terms.
I cannot be a killer—okay.
Don’t… get angry about it.
Even if it is because you are weak.

I played a game and it was
Not the truth when I said
I was not owned by pleasure
I got played.

I think I lied to my heart—
I think I lied to myself—
And got indulged
And humored

There’s a version of me
She’s a little girl
She turns her nose up at me
BE A MAN

I would yell back at her:
I don’t know if I can!
But she doesn’t want to listen
IF ONLY I’D KNOWN I’D GROW UP INTO YOU
She spits

This is no game
And I may not continue to pretend to play
I want to cry
That little girl,
She cuts me down to size

BE THE WOLF & BE THE LUMBERJACK
COME HOME TO A WIFE WITH RED HAIR
AND EAT ONLY A SINGLE OF HER CAKES
BEFORE HEADING OUT TO KILL & PROTECT

KEEP YOURSELF SAFE & DO WHAT YOU MUST
DO NOT BARE YOUR NECK
YOU CANNOT LIVE IF YOU ARE WEAK

That little girl—she kept on shouting
Yelling and kicking & screaming
Until I couldn’t even hear myself anymore

We The Children

All we asked for in return was a chance to learn
We got underperforming schools & wealth disparity
& it’s been somewhat unhelpful for our test scores
To watch our peers finger paint with the contents of our soft bodies
& gunshots become the sound popcorn popping
& we remain as the kernels burning in the bottom of the pot
Simmering in the oil.

We marched on the capital, declared this occupation unlawful
& in violation of our constitutional rights 
& we got laughed out of town
It was declared the largest case of forgetting your roots ever
You used to be us. We told the men in Congress
And we will not forget about what you have done here today.

We watched as it was us, the children, who cracked the segregation egg
& how we got sent off to die in wars we did not begin but did not complain
We watched as companies took advantage of our political platforms & used them to sell us carbonated beverages
You’re out of touch. We said
And we will not be taken advantage of like this.

& finally, our nation’s grown-ups acquiesced
And allowed us to go to school
We marched up the front steps & got greeted by the barrel of a gun & a disgruntled classmate
& before we could ever blink
We got blown away.


We The Children
We stood and said:
We’ll fight in your wars
We’ll work your minimum wage jobs
We’ll play your games.
& all we asked for in return was a chance to learn
We got underperforming schools & wealth disparity
& it’s been somewhat unhelpful for our test scores
To watch our peers finger paint with the contents of our soft bodies
& gunshots become the sound popcorn popping
& we remain as the kernels burning in the bottom of the pot
Simmering in the oil.

We marched on the capital, declared this occupation unlawful
& in violation of our constitutional rights 
& we got laughed out of town
It was declared the largest case of forgetting your roots ever
You used to be us. We told the men in Congress
And we will not forget about what you have done here today.

We watched as it was us, the children, who cracked the segregation egg
& rallied against the Vietnam War
We watched as companies took advantage of our social platforms & used them to sell us carbonated beverages
You’re out of touch. We said
And we will not be taken advantage of like this.

& finally, our nation’s grown-ups acquiesced
And allowed us to go to school
We marched up the front steps & got greeted by the barrel of a gun & a disgruntled classmate
& before we could ever blink
We got blown away.


Show Me Home
I had not thought ahead to what I’d say
& when the time came 
I said, Show me home.

That’s my little planet! I said, and I was so proud.
That’s the place where I grew up!

I was a million lightyears from where I’d came
& I could feel it… pulling me back to where I’d been born.
But I was going to die here.
And I’d never see my home again.

I wanted to be buried on Earth—in the dirt.
I wanted to get eaten by worms
I wanted to die and have all my molecules returned back again
I wanted to grow sunflowers out my chest 
And I wanted to become wet, good soil fit for farming.

I can feel the tears, wet on my cheeks
It isn’t too much to ask!
To die in the peace of your own planet!

But people from space, they have no home
And don’t think about that sort of thing.
I’ll die here & it’s breaking my heart.

My last thoughts are of home
And the little blue hologram floating in front of me
It continues to spin
Even after I am done.

The Sand!
There’s sand everywhere
It’s in the blinds
And blocking the doorways
It’s filling the house up 
And falling from the ceilings

This sand is rising
And it’s cold and wet down by my feet
I wade through it—determined to get back to where
It’s pouring in
And to plug up the hole

I’m bailing sand out the window 
But it rises to my waist
This sand is not a metaphor
It is real, actual, fucking sand
And it’s all over the place

All I can think is: 
What a mess this is making
What is happening?
Where is all of this sand coming from?

The sand has risen to my chest
I’m trying to swim towards the door
It’s like walking through molasses
But instead of molasses it’s sand
And it’s everywhere.

I clucked my tongue and that hound
He came a-runnin’ to stand by my knee

Oh hound, I say
I’ve got so much life left to live
I fear that my stagnant nature will get the best of me
And I’ll eat my days without pausing to savor

The hound did not reply to me
Instead, he cocked his head and breathed a heavy sigh

What’s Jonathan Been Up To Lately
Jonathan’s been getting the best of me, lately.
Jonathan’s been stuck under my skin & been everywhere I’ve looked
Jonathan’s been keeping me up at night
Jonathan’s been tryin’ to kill me

Hey, it ain’t okay to get eaten up when you’re playing a game of chew-spit
Get your head in the game & stand up to say what you mean

Hey brown-eyed Jonathan-boy, how’s it goin’?
Hey pretty, pretty bird—how’ve you been hangin’?
Hey there smug kitty-cat, what’s in your whiskers?

Jonathan! I shout. Stop this occupation!
This is not alright & it is time to see yourself on out before I begin to cry
Not fair, but hey buddy didn’t I tell you
Someone wants to cut a hole in you and fuck you through it
And that someone is me

Hey, Jonathan! I call
Hey, wait up for me!
Remind me that I can get anything I want
Remind me that I can have anything I do so please
All of this is mine & it’s mine to use as I see fit

Jonathan get outta my head
Jonathan better get slept or he’s gonna get dead

Wolf Man
I want to be the wolfish man all decorated in tattoos
When I approach that old farmhouse in my dreams
I see him tending to the sheep

I practice every day
I look myself hard in the mirror and go:
Hey brown-eyed raven, how’s it goin’?
I leer and say:
Hey pretty, pretty bird—how’ve you been hangin’?

I want everything
I want everything I see/I want to devour it whole
I want to eat and eat and eat

Hey Wolf Man! I say
Are you paying attention to me?

I’m not in love! I deny
I’m just filled with jealousy.

I want to be the wolfish man
I see how he cleans his teeth
I see how he chomps his partners clean in half

How could I want for anything less?


Religious
I’ll insist that I never hated men
But I always thought that cross around your neck was stupid
I always thought: Who do you think you’re foolin’?

Red-faced and panting
Maybe I’m just jealous, I think, as I begin to sprint
I’ve been many different people, it feels
But a core of pine & blood sacrifices have kept me young
& I ain’t dead yet

I always thought that you were too sure
I always thought: You think you’ll ever be redeemed?
I met all the women in that bible you so admire
& all of them got fed to hounds that ripped them apart
Or written out of history entirely

I’ll insist that I never hated men 
But men sought fit to take everything that they could fit their fist around
And maybe I’m just jealous I didn’t think of it first
I shoulda taken as much as I could hold & then
Stolen away in the night, laughing

Time to Go Home

There’s no joke here, my kitten isn’t ever coming home
I struggled with wanting to fuck another man & told him so
& he just laughed and nodded and asked me how often I thought about it
Every day, I say—and try to keep from looking pained
It’s so much easier, now that I’m able to just say it 
Now that I don’t have to fight it

Won’t I ask him for permission? Permission to bring another man home?
Permission seeking peasant, lady from the forest—drag your mutt home & collar him if he’s bad
How delicious! It would only be the once, and afterwards I might even die
There’s no joke here, I don’t wanna ask in fear
I couldn’t deal with it, I would lose my absolutely shattered mind
It wouldn’t go great

Time to come home, and be satisfied
Time to come home, and eat
Time to go out and seek those things which you wish to meet

Fantasies
Determined to Get Some
I acted out scenes of drama
I said: I’ll be King & you’ll serve all my needs
& I can get you to do anything I please

There was a moment, in which I dreamed
The most powerful man: dropped to his knees
& he begged for me
& I sent him crying away

There’s not much to say,
About power-fantasies anyways
I said: I want to make it clear—
I would never do that to you—
But it’s too late & that’s a strange wariness
In his eyes now

I want to take the things I desire
But I recognize that in, polite society,
You must play the long-con
You must wear leather skirts & cut your long nails
In order to get the job done

There’s no man I couldn’t dream of
Giving up to a higher power
Should a sacrifice be demanded
But (oh) I might decry: For shame!
While leaving him out to dry
& have his bones bleached in the desert sun 

Crossroads
In my dream, I visit a crossroads
It is night
And a man stands there,
Leant against a wooden water tower
Waiting for me

He says my name aloud
& I wonder how he knows me
The corner of his mouth lifts
& he says, We seal this deal with a kiss.

I have met this man only once since
And then I was not dreaming—
Walking down a dirt path
Great fields of green grass hem me in
And I turn the bend, only to see that
Great water tower I saw five years ago
In a dream I had when I was thirteen

The sun is high in the sky
And there he is: waiting for me again.
It’s been a long time, friend.
He says.
And it will be a long time ‘till we meet again.

The man, seems serious now
I must ask you, was it worth it? He says
Would you go back, and choose everything the same?
What would you do, now that you know better?

It’s taken me this long to be honest with myself
And I want so badly to tell him the truth
“Man of the Crossroads,” I say
“I want to be at peace.”
“But I worry, that, now, knowing what I know—”
“I would not choose what I chose.”

He nods thoughtfully, and says
You’ll come back here once more,
Sometime soon
But for now, continue on your way

I leave that man in the dust of the road
Shading himself under the water tower
And hope that what he says is a lie
& that I never find myself in that place
And that this meeting will be the last time
He ever sees me

From This Day
From this day forward—it is decreed
That we may no longer write about
Things such as: God, love, and depression
As you will be considered trite
We may no longer write about
Things such as flowers: sunsets, or women’s bodies
As they are compared to various delicious fruits
Because: honestly enough already
& you should be a bit more ashamed that that’s
The best you could come up with.

In Conclusion
There was a poem I wrote
About a spider
& my dad
But I’m too embarrassed to share
Now that I’m some years older

I have learned: If you are funny
You are absolved from coming off as faux-deep
& you do not have to worry about anything
Except, perhaps, taking the joke too far
Until it’s only you, laughing along with yourself

I have blinked and discovered that now
I am old and giggling at my reflection
I duck down underneath the sink and hope to hell
I can escape from this lady
Before she eats me
& before I recognize her as me

Oh, armchair philosopher, won’t you give it a rest
& let us all just get on?
Oh, man-in-me, won’t you sit down
& be at peace.

In Conclusion: Welcome back home again.
 

Pomegranates
I’m eating pomegranates
With the woman of my dreams
She looks at me
Red juice dripping from her chin

In the summer time we swim together
I pick the shiniest rocks
& present them to her
& she makes them into beads

It’s warm & lovely here
It’s heavy & blooming here
How long does this last
How long before I’m asked to leave

This Makes Me A Man
I promised I’d be a man about it
So I put that dog down
And buried her beneath a coniferous tree

I promised I’d be a man about it
So when I began to cry
I told myself it was just this once
I continued to shovel dirt

By the time the sun simmered low in the sky
I was spread thin like butter
On freshly toasted bread
I think: This makes me a man

I return home and set the shovel down
I return home and sit alone
I return home and spread my skirt
And wonder what it means that I am now a man
  
Black Waters
The great black snake eyes me
You’re swimming in my waters
His tongue flicks at me as he
Slowly unwraps himself
And leaves the marble woman’s thigh

His level gaze, and bright yellow eyes
Look through me and into my head
Maybe this is prophesy
Maybe this is warning
He slithers closer and draws up
Until he’s the only thing I see

I tread inky water and watch
As he comes closer
I reach my hand out and he
Coils around my wet arm, higher, higher
Before settling partially on my shoulder

Or perhaps, he hisses in my ear
This is nothing but a dream

